================================================================================  评论列表:
He deserves it track me
HOLY SHIIITT, as per tradition, someone has found out how to instantly kill bosses. Lol Dude is either in NG+ or left the Wight alive and came back just to 1 shot tho You cant leave him. He disappears after you progress out of chapter one. Its ng+ I killed him on my way through. My girlfriend went back to him after she got to chapter 2 and beat him. It's if you unlock and go to the secret area in ch1. He despawns. Spoilers but there is more than one secret area in Chapter 1 Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations. Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall You should not leave chapter 1 without secret area. Hahha Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss. What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1 You CAN leave him and fight him later. I travelled back from Chapter 2 just to kill this guy today and get a spark out of him so I can level up. He is permanently gone if you enter the secret area of chapter 1, and that's very hard to miss on your way to chapter 2. i beat him when i first encountered him. Took a while, but he's not too difficult. You fight the Tree Sentinel in the beginning of Elden Ring too , huh? Lmao i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though. I tried and tried but that first transform changed the fight No he doesn’t, I walked past him then made it to like chapter 4 then went and beat him No he doesn’t. I went back and killed him after beating chapter 2. Fucking 78 upvotes for being wrong. he disappears after you ring all three bells. It’s not hard since the bosses don’t scale.  I went back to chapter 2 to take care of a boss i missed.  Froze, wight smash, one heavy and he’s dead’s. Then I went back to the ending im stuck on and promptly got my ass handed to me.
Dude is either in NG+ or left the Wight alive and came back just to 1 shot tho You cant leave him. He disappears after you progress out of chapter one. Its ng+ I killed him on my way through. My girlfriend went back to him after she got to chapter 2 and beat him. It's if you unlock and go to the secret area in ch1. He despawns. Spoilers but there is more than one secret area in Chapter 1 Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations. Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall You should not leave chapter 1 without secret area. Hahha Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss. What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1 You CAN leave him and fight him later. I travelled back from Chapter 2 just to kill this guy today and get a spark out of him so I can level up. He is permanently gone if you enter the secret area of chapter 1, and that's very hard to miss on your way to chapter 2. i beat him when i first encountered him. Took a while, but he's not too difficult. You fight the Tree Sentinel in the beginning of Elden Ring too , huh? Lmao i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though. I tried and tried but that first transform changed the fight No he doesn’t, I walked past him then made it to like chapter 4 then went and beat him No he doesn’t. I went back and killed him after beating chapter 2. Fucking 78 upvotes for being wrong. he disappears after you ring all three bells.
You cant leave him. He disappears after you progress out of chapter one. Its ng+ I killed him on my way through. My girlfriend went back to him after she got to chapter 2 and beat him. It's if you unlock and go to the secret area in ch1. He despawns. Spoilers but there is more than one secret area in Chapter 1 Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations. Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall You should not leave chapter 1 without secret area. Hahha Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss. What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1 You CAN leave him and fight him later. I travelled back from Chapter 2 just to kill this guy today and get a spark out of him so I can level up. He is permanently gone if you enter the secret area of chapter 1, and that's very hard to miss on your way to chapter 2. i beat him when i first encountered him. Took a while, but he's not too difficult. You fight the Tree Sentinel in the beginning of Elden Ring too , huh? Lmao i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though. I tried and tried but that first transform changed the fight No he doesn’t, I walked past him then made it to like chapter 4 then went and beat him No he doesn’t. I went back and killed him after beating chapter 2. Fucking 78 upvotes for being wrong.
I killed him on my way through. My girlfriend went back to him after she got to chapter 2 and beat him. It's if you unlock and go to the secret area in ch1. He despawns. Spoilers but there is more than one secret area in Chapter 1 Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations. Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall You should not leave chapter 1 without secret area. Hahha Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss. What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1
It's if you unlock and go to the secret area in ch1. He despawns. Spoilers but there is more than one secret area in Chapter 1 Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations. Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall You should not leave chapter 1 without secret area. Hahha Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss. What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1
Spoilers but there is more than one secret area in Chapter 1 Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations. Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall
Eh? I only found the one behind the waterfall. Jeez, this coupled with Chapter 2's bunch of secrets, Chapter 3 is massive, I wonder what secrets are there. There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations.
There is one behind the waterfall and one brings you back to the past a few hundred years before, soon after Wukong and his master went through the area. You can enter the second by ringing all the 3 bells in chapter 1. Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations.
Can you explain it more clearly I have completed the game with a bad ending now I'm doing side quests. As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations.
As I said, find all three bells in chapter 1 and ring them, just that. You can google their locations.
Want to clarify a little on that? Not sure if I found the right video Edit: nvm I definitely got it. Non spoiler hint: waterfall
You should not leave chapter 1 without secret area. Hahha Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss. What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1
Is this alluding to the transform or something else I missed? They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss.
They mean the golden boss after the three bells. OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss.
OK, so chapter 1 includes and continues past Lingxuzi ? That's where I am stuck still, and haven't really been alerted to a change in "Chapter" yet. I am struggling with this game. Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss.
Oh my yes. That's just the first non-optional boss.
What secret area? Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1
Ring the 3 large bells in Chapter 1
You CAN leave him and fight him later. I travelled back from Chapter 2 just to kill this guy today and get a spark out of him so I can level up. He is permanently gone if you enter the secret area of chapter 1, and that's very hard to miss on your way to chapter 2. i beat him when i first encountered him. Took a while, but he's not too difficult. You fight the Tree Sentinel in the beginning of Elden Ring too , huh? Lmao i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though. I tried and tried but that first transform changed the fight
He is permanently gone if you enter the secret area of chapter 1, and that's very hard to miss on your way to chapter 2.
i beat him when i first encountered him. Took a while, but he's not too difficult. You fight the Tree Sentinel in the beginning of Elden Ring too , huh? Lmao i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though. I tried and tried but that first transform changed the fight
You fight the Tree Sentinel in the beginning of Elden Ring too , huh? Lmao i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though.
i mean yeah, i tried - wasn't able to beat him. Comparing the wandering wight to the tree sentinel is hilarious though.
I tried and tried but that first transform changed the fight
No he doesn’t, I walked past him then made it to like chapter 4 then went and beat him
No he doesn’t. I went back and killed him after beating chapter 2. Fucking 78 upvotes for being wrong.
he disappears after you ring all three bells.
It’s not hard since the bosses don’t scale.  I went back to chapter 2 to take care of a boss i missed.  Froze, wight smash, one heavy and he’s dead’s. Then I went back to the ending im stuck on and promptly got my ass handed to me.
You really did justice for all the players who struggled with that guy when they encountered him. 🙋🏻‍♂️ He was the third boss i killed while playing before fighting the the wolf with fire staff. Took me like 14 tries, would have been easier to kill him after the wolf. He took me more tries than tiger vanguard (12) and yellow wind sage(7). The only other boss that took me 14 was red loong but i got lucky due to his stagger glitch at the end. 😭
🙋🏻‍♂️
He was the third boss i killed while playing before fighting the the wolf with fire staff. Took me like 14 tries, would have been easier to kill him after the wolf. He took me more tries than tiger vanguard (12) and yellow wind sage(7). The only other boss that took me 14 was red loong but i got lucky due to his stagger glitch at the end. 😭
Lore accurate wukong (I know technically we aren’t playing as wukong) Maybe I missed something, but I was under the impression that the destined one was a clone of Wukong. It wouldn't be the first time a trope like this has been used in gaming (spoiler alert playable Styx is a clone of the original Styx) and coincidentally not the first time a story about Wukong involved a clone rescuing him after many years (Forbidden Kingdom film being an example). Characters often refer to you smelling and looking the same as Sun Wukong, also leading me to believe we are a clone. Whilst we may not be the original, any clone of Wukong is... Wukong. If I missed something please let me know. Canonically, that was how Sun Wukong did survive his imprisonment/punishment, by pouring himself into a clone and his artifacts, then separating “himself” until they could all be reunited. It’s the source of inspiration for shit like Harry Potter’s Hoarcrux shite. The difference is that Sun Wukong’s clones are effectively him , and similar to how it’s portrayed in Naruto, any knowledge/experience gained by any of them, returns, in full, to him. There’s more to it, but it’s also why he’s quite literally THE strongest character in mythology. Journey to the west seems to really cover every story ever or being the inspiration for all those stories, I really need to read the book. If I remember correctly, I found a link to it for free on the Wikipedia page for it. Worth reading. That was my understanding. I've read the first 8/9 chapters of Journey to the West, intended to read the rest but never got around to it, but it's the chapters that cover Wukong's origin. Also consider the first Monkey King movie "Havoc in Heavens Palace" to be a complete work of art. Haven't gotten far through the game because real life gets in the way, but from the moment we were introduced to "the destined one" I assumed it was a clone. In every story he's in Buddha no diff his ass tho, so he's not the strongest. Not even in his own verse You are a new monkey who end up becoming exactly him (if you did the second ending), as Wukong’s missing Mind was stored in Erlangshen all along. The first ending you succeed him only in his titles and power, as his mind was lost. But before the end, you are not him, or a clone of him, just a monkey who sought to revive him.
Maybe I missed something, but I was under the impression that the destined one was a clone of Wukong. It wouldn't be the first time a trope like this has been used in gaming (spoiler alert playable Styx is a clone of the original Styx) and coincidentally not the first time a story about Wukong involved a clone rescuing him after many years (Forbidden Kingdom film being an example). Characters often refer to you smelling and looking the same as Sun Wukong, also leading me to believe we are a clone. Whilst we may not be the original, any clone of Wukong is... Wukong. If I missed something please let me know. Canonically, that was how Sun Wukong did survive his imprisonment/punishment, by pouring himself into a clone and his artifacts, then separating “himself” until they could all be reunited. It’s the source of inspiration for shit like Harry Potter’s Hoarcrux shite. The difference is that Sun Wukong’s clones are effectively him , and similar to how it’s portrayed in Naruto, any knowledge/experience gained by any of them, returns, in full, to him. There’s more to it, but it’s also why he’s quite literally THE strongest character in mythology. Journey to the west seems to really cover every story ever or being the inspiration for all those stories, I really need to read the book. If I remember correctly, I found a link to it for free on the Wikipedia page for it. Worth reading. That was my understanding. I've read the first 8/9 chapters of Journey to the West, intended to read the rest but never got around to it, but it's the chapters that cover Wukong's origin. Also consider the first Monkey King movie "Havoc in Heavens Palace" to be a complete work of art. Haven't gotten far through the game because real life gets in the way, but from the moment we were introduced to "the destined one" I assumed it was a clone. In every story he's in Buddha no diff his ass tho, so he's not the strongest. Not even in his own verse You are a new monkey who end up becoming exactly him (if you did the second ending), as Wukong’s missing Mind was stored in Erlangshen all along. The first ending you succeed him only in his titles and power, as his mind was lost. But before the end, you are not him, or a clone of him, just a monkey who sought to revive him.
Canonically, that was how Sun Wukong did survive his imprisonment/punishment, by pouring himself into a clone and his artifacts, then separating “himself” until they could all be reunited. It’s the source of inspiration for shit like Harry Potter’s Hoarcrux shite. The difference is that Sun Wukong’s clones are effectively him , and similar to how it’s portrayed in Naruto, any knowledge/experience gained by any of them, returns, in full, to him. There’s more to it, but it’s also why he’s quite literally THE strongest character in mythology. Journey to the west seems to really cover every story ever or being the inspiration for all those stories, I really need to read the book. If I remember correctly, I found a link to it for free on the Wikipedia page for it. Worth reading. That was my understanding. I've read the first 8/9 chapters of Journey to the West, intended to read the rest but never got around to it, but it's the chapters that cover Wukong's origin. Also consider the first Monkey King movie "Havoc in Heavens Palace" to be a complete work of art. Haven't gotten far through the game because real life gets in the way, but from the moment we were introduced to "the destined one" I assumed it was a clone. In every story he's in Buddha no diff his ass tho, so he's not the strongest. Not even in his own verse
Journey to the west seems to really cover every story ever or being the inspiration for all those stories, I really need to read the book. If I remember correctly, I found a link to it for free on the Wikipedia page for it. Worth reading.
If I remember correctly, I found a link to it for free on the Wikipedia page for it. Worth reading.
That was my understanding. I've read the first 8/9 chapters of Journey to the West, intended to read the rest but never got around to it, but it's the chapters that cover Wukong's origin. Also consider the first Monkey King movie "Havoc in Heavens Palace" to be a complete work of art. Haven't gotten far through the game because real life gets in the way, but from the moment we were introduced to "the destined one" I assumed it was a clone.
In every story he's in Buddha no diff his ass tho, so he's not the strongest. Not even in his own verse
You are a new monkey who end up becoming exactly him (if you did the second ending), as Wukong’s missing Mind was stored in Erlangshen all along. The first ending you succeed him only in his titles and power, as his mind was lost. But before the end, you are not him, or a clone of him, just a monkey who sought to revive him.
OMG can you actually new game+??? yes I will make sure they feel my wrath. Makes me wanna kinda rush and take my time the 2nd trip... Nah I'm taking my time lol How else are going to fully upgrade your armor sets. Don’t forget I think most armors have different look once fully upgraded. The drip must go on. When do you get to “upgrade” stuff instead of outright crafting it?? I wanna make sure I didn’t miss it Edit: I did miss it. Shit. Gotta do a quick backtrack next time I play. About mid through chapt 3 you go left of bitter lake and do an noc quest and it gives you a scroll that takes you to a place that lets you So you can upgrade per armor piece if you unlock the black smith from chapter 3. It’s a hidden short quest. But if you are exploring you will find the boss that you need to defeat to unlock the blacksmith. You can also fight black smith to gain some extra goodies. The boss fight is going to whoop your ass though. I think he is the toughest and the best boss in the game imo. Explore bro, there is a lot of hidden stuff in the game including a lot of amazing boss fights.
yes I will make sure they feel my wrath. Makes me wanna kinda rush and take my time the 2nd trip... Nah I'm taking my time lol
I will make sure they feel my wrath. Makes me wanna kinda rush and take my time the 2nd trip... Nah I'm taking my time lol
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Noobmaster698757 点赞: 14 时间: 2024-08-24T18:02:43.296000+0000 内容:
Makes me wanna kinda rush and take my time the 2nd trip... Nah I'm taking my time lol
How else are going to fully upgrade your armor sets. Don’t forget I think most armors have different look once fully upgraded. The drip must go on. When do you get to “upgrade” stuff instead of outright crafting it?? I wanna make sure I didn’t miss it Edit: I did miss it. Shit. Gotta do a quick backtrack next time I play. About mid through chapt 3 you go left of bitter lake and do an noc quest and it gives you a scroll that takes you to a place that lets you So you can upgrade per armor piece if you unlock the black smith from chapter 3. It’s a hidden short quest. But if you are exploring you will find the boss that you need to defeat to unlock the blacksmith. You can also fight black smith to gain some extra goodies. The boss fight is going to whoop your ass though. I think he is the toughest and the best boss in the game imo. Explore bro, there is a lot of hidden stuff in the game including a lot of amazing boss fights.
When do you get to “upgrade” stuff instead of outright crafting it?? I wanna make sure I didn’t miss it Edit: I did miss it. Shit. Gotta do a quick backtrack next time I play. About mid through chapt 3 you go left of bitter lake and do an noc quest and it gives you a scroll that takes you to a place that lets you So you can upgrade per armor piece if you unlock the black smith from chapter 3. It’s a hidden short quest. But if you are exploring you will find the boss that you need to defeat to unlock the blacksmith. You can also fight black smith to gain some extra goodies. The boss fight is going to whoop your ass though. I think he is the toughest and the best boss in the game imo. Explore bro, there is a lot of hidden stuff in the game including a lot of amazing boss fights.
About mid through chapt 3 you go left of bitter lake and do an noc quest and it gives you a scroll that takes you to a place that lets you
So you can upgrade per armor piece if you unlock the black smith from chapter 3. It’s a hidden short quest. But if you are exploring you will find the boss that you need to defeat to unlock the blacksmith. You can also fight black smith to gain some extra goodies. The boss fight is going to whoop your ass though. I think he is the toughest and the best boss in the game imo. Explore bro, there is a lot of hidden stuff in the game including a lot of amazing boss fights.
Wait, how do you display damage? Gameplay settings Wowowow game changer for me, thanks Ancient Chinese secret. Can confirm. We always go into settings first thing. You know, settings.
Gameplay settings Wowowow game changer for me, thanks
Wowowow game changer for me, thanks
Ancient Chinese secret. Can confirm. We always go into settings first thing.
Can confirm. We always go into settings first thing.
You know, settings.
How?! ng+ gives you a sixth relic that has an upgrade to make clones synchronize on charged heavies. OP used damage boosts from a spirit and cloud strike to boost it to one shot When do you get the sixth relic? when you start ng+ it may be contingent on beating the secret ending boss, can’t say because i did, but i’d be surprised if that was required to get it You do have to beat the secret ending boss to get the sixth relic Secret ending boss? I just finished the game, I think... Credits rolled, is there more? Do not start ng+ you should be able to get it still. Just need to do some quests and secret bosses. I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup. Lmao good like getting the true ending in NG+, secret boss is absurd. Fun asf tho yes. you need to complete a secret quest/area in each of areas 1, 2, 4, and 5 (i can tell you about them if you want) then go to great pagoda in chapter 3 Did you get an achievement regarding “mei” when you completed CH5? I believe that is your clue to having access. I think the fact it triggers when criteria is met is a bug but, I received it upon completion of CH5 and it had a ridiculously small % compared to % for clearing CH5 boss. It’s also the name of the “secret final area”. I then received the achievement again when I entered the area. This was on Steam. Read, man.
ng+ gives you a sixth relic that has an upgrade to make clones synchronize on charged heavies. OP used damage boosts from a spirit and cloud strike to boost it to one shot When do you get the sixth relic? when you start ng+ it may be contingent on beating the secret ending boss, can’t say because i did, but i’d be surprised if that was required to get it You do have to beat the secret ending boss to get the sixth relic Secret ending boss? I just finished the game, I think... Credits rolled, is there more? Do not start ng+ you should be able to get it still. Just need to do some quests and secret bosses. I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup. Lmao good like getting the true ending in NG+, secret boss is absurd. Fun asf tho yes. you need to complete a secret quest/area in each of areas 1, 2, 4, and 5 (i can tell you about them if you want) then go to great pagoda in chapter 3 Did you get an achievement regarding “mei” when you completed CH5? I believe that is your clue to having access. I think the fact it triggers when criteria is met is a bug but, I received it upon completion of CH5 and it had a ridiculously small % compared to % for clearing CH5 boss. It’s also the name of the “secret final area”. I then received the achievement again when I entered the area. This was on Steam. Read, man.
When do you get the sixth relic? when you start ng+ it may be contingent on beating the secret ending boss, can’t say because i did, but i’d be surprised if that was required to get it You do have to beat the secret ending boss to get the sixth relic Secret ending boss? I just finished the game, I think... Credits rolled, is there more? Do not start ng+ you should be able to get it still. Just need to do some quests and secret bosses. I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup. Lmao good like getting the true ending in NG+, secret boss is absurd. Fun asf tho yes. you need to complete a secret quest/area in each of areas 1, 2, 4, and 5 (i can tell you about them if you want) then go to great pagoda in chapter 3 Did you get an achievement regarding “mei” when you completed CH5? I believe that is your clue to having access. I think the fact it triggers when criteria is met is a bug but, I received it upon completion of CH5 and it had a ridiculously small % compared to % for clearing CH5 boss. It’s also the name of the “secret final area”. I then received the achievement again when I entered the area. This was on Steam. Read, man.
when you start ng+ it may be contingent on beating the secret ending boss, can’t say because i did, but i’d be surprised if that was required to get it You do have to beat the secret ending boss to get the sixth relic Secret ending boss? I just finished the game, I think... Credits rolled, is there more? Do not start ng+ you should be able to get it still. Just need to do some quests and secret bosses. I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup. Lmao good like getting the true ending in NG+, secret boss is absurd. Fun asf tho yes. you need to complete a secret quest/area in each of areas 1, 2, 4, and 5 (i can tell you about them if you want) then go to great pagoda in chapter 3 Did you get an achievement regarding “mei” when you completed CH5? I believe that is your clue to having access. I think the fact it triggers when criteria is met is a bug but, I received it upon completion of CH5 and it had a ridiculously small % compared to % for clearing CH5 boss. It’s also the name of the “secret final area”. I then received the achievement again when I entered the area. This was on Steam.
You do have to beat the secret ending boss to get the sixth relic
Secret ending boss? I just finished the game, I think... Credits rolled, is there more? Do not start ng+ you should be able to get it still. Just need to do some quests and secret bosses. I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup. Lmao good like getting the true ending in NG+, secret boss is absurd. Fun asf tho yes. you need to complete a secret quest/area in each of areas 1, 2, 4, and 5 (i can tell you about them if you want) then go to great pagoda in chapter 3 Did you get an achievement regarding “mei” when you completed CH5? I believe that is your clue to having access. I think the fact it triggers when criteria is met is a bug but, I received it upon completion of CH5 and it had a ridiculously small % compared to % for clearing CH5 boss. It’s also the name of the “secret final area”. I then received the achievement again when I entered the area. This was on Steam.
Do not start ng+ you should be able to get it still. Just need to do some quests and secret bosses. I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup.
I don't guess there's a way to revert from NG+ on PC? I completely missed this and I'm kinda sad I don't think I have the energy to completely replay through it The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup.
The game keeps live/hourly/daily saves. If you only got to NG+ in like the last day, your pre-NG+ save file is probably still in SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\BlackMythWukong\b1\Saved\SaveGamesBackup.
Lmao good like getting the true ending in NG+, secret boss is absurd. Fun asf tho
yes. you need to complete a secret quest/area in each of areas 1, 2, 4, and 5 (i can tell you about them if you want) then go to great pagoda in chapter 3
Did you get an achievement regarding “mei” when you completed CH5? I believe that is your clue to having access. I think the fact it triggers when criteria is met is a bug but, I received it upon completion of CH5 and it had a ridiculously small % compared to % for clearing CH5 boss. It’s also the name of the “secret final area”. I then received the achievement again when I entered the area. This was on Steam.
Read, man.
what the hell that is WILD
Monkey together strong!
Never even considered using cloudstep after a pluck. That shits dope!
This is beautiful
That was SICK AS HELL. The way the duplicates followed the same would be an amazing drawing picture lol
If anyone deserves that it's this pos lol
Bro got abused.
Is this new game+ Obviously
Obviously
How much atk does that spirit give you? Quite a bit but damn is its casting animation long.
Quite a bit but damn is its casting animation long.
Deserved.
Wait there are damage numbers? OFF by default in Game-Play settings ...
OFF by default in Game-Play settings ...
I don’t get why this guy disappears if you decide to hold off on defeating him. I was still getting the hang of the mechanics, so I skipped him for a bit, and now he’s just gone—permanently. I’ve played enough games to know when something makes sense, but this just doesn’t add up. Is there an actual story reason behind this?
GAME SCIENCE YOU BETTER NOT FUCKING NERF THIS!!!!!!!
Must be NG+ game.
This is just abuse at this point lmao
I really need to start using items...
How did you make all your clones do the smash ?
How do I do that attack ?
You're gonna need to make a complete how to video please and thank you
Holyyyy 🤣
Y'all are now damage boosting like Elden ring players. Jesus, they are now breaking the game🤣
Wtf just happened? Did we just run into a goat?
Still has just under 1/3 health left.... one shot?
Damn and it's only like 4 days into the game, some people waste no time.
I mean, it's cool, but it's literally a chapter 1 boss vs. maxed out build.....so? Yea. Okay, though.
I hate this guy. Can’t kill him, so I look around and find a fire tiger that I can’t get past either. I am frankly so tired of this Fromsoft BS invading every single game in a genre I used to really enjoy. Got suckered into Elden Ring, and now this damn game.
That’s amazing
So delightful!
😮that’s beautiful! Again!
baddass
WTF
Lore accurate WuKong
The BONK that pierced the heavens.
Bro broke the game
sick
Did u beat erlang shen?
This simple video gave me so many combat ideas. Like, I didn’t know you could “store” a charged heavy while transformed. I didn’t know clones mimicked the players attack. I mean, I’m only in chapter 2 but this gives me a lot of direction. 用户已删除评论
用户已删除评论
one of the most beautiful things i've ever seen
What move is that, I'm not quite sure even though I have 4 focus points I never got to make it. he used clones then cloud stepped into a fully charged heavy, with the relic upgrade that syncs clones with heavies
he used clones then cloud stepped into a fully charged heavy, with the relic upgrade that syncs clones with heavies
I had no idea you could hold your charge and still use other abilities wtf lol
Finally a reason to get PS5
Why is this the only boss I ever see in people's clips? I literally see only this guy. It's essentially the tree sentinel from elden ring. Ridiculously hard optional boss that people come across at the very beginning of the game. Even though it's optional and you can come back to him later, people tend to have a playstyle/ego where they'd attempt to beat it earlier than intended, which leads to a funny batch of clips (at least for now)
It's essentially the tree sentinel from elden ring. Ridiculously hard optional boss that people come across at the very beginning of the game. Even though it's optional and you can come back to him later, people tend to have a playstyle/ego where they'd attempt to beat it earlier than intended, which leads to a funny batch of clips (at least for now)
So, do your shadow clones snapshot your shadow-dash Crit rate buff?
I missed the secret boss from the bell quest in act 1 and now in act 2, it won't let me go back to the forest.
Amazing!
monke together strong.
New game + is fun they say…
Sweet revenge!
The real meaning of "BONK"
How did you get all the homies to do that move w you sixth relic
sixth relic
Look at how they massacred my boi
Somebody one shot the tiger vanguard pls. He gave me so much pain
He actually deserved it. How I dealt with him was I just put all my points into stamina and then stun locked him xD. If I ran out of stamina, I just froze him, then stun locked him again.
What lv are you?
How to get numbers on screen after attack
I beat this mofo on my 2nd try.
Wtf
I’d replay this video 1000’s of times for the torture he caused me
Thank you for posting this. Please do white clad noble next. He’s my current wall smhhh
I don't care that is cannon.
I can’t event get past aquaman…
Damn that’s incredible, I’m guessing new game +. I’m enjoying a very slow burn and finding everything. I love the game what a gem.
How did he charge his focus and cancel it while keeping all of the points? Whenever I do that they start over at 0
Omg !
Lore accurate wukong
So u just not gonna share with the class about the build?
Gat damn
XD
Can we do that to tiger vanguard 🐅
Link video to build please.
Show this to the chinese raging guy
How do you make the copies do the same move as you?
Damn bro can you send ur save
How do get it to where you can fight bosses over again?
HOLY
New Game Plus is going to be so satisfying.
Is this new game plus?
How do you get the numbers to show?
Sheesh
This is fire 🔥. Wow
Thank you. Thank you for this.
Delightful!! So delightful!!
how do you make all the clones do the same move like that? it never does that when I heavy smash
Can anyone  have a  clue how many bosses have second phase if we kill them fast enough  on first fase..
I have my clones maxed out and never see them do my charged attack with me Anyone know what skills you need to use?
theres a gourd that gives 1.2x? multiplier if you want bigger number
yeah thats a ng+ skill it looks so cool
Daaaaammmnn
HOLY CRAAAPP
Teach me please
Is this game available in physical copies or is it digital only
how are these people already completed the game
百目仙人立大功时刻
How did you make them all use heavy attack at the same time? He's the real wukong.
He's the real wukong.
Synchronized bonk
That is crazy. Ive been playing for hours and have not been able to beat him. U are insane
Doing this to the wandering will is so satisfying and justified
can confirm this one-shot build does not work on Erlang when you meet him again ... :')
Dude turns around like 😳
Fuck that big head guy lol
版主已移除评论
Monkey King's got the Lu Bu drip.
Man I'm fighting that black wind bear these bosses are hard but I love it
Is this another souls like game?
Almost killed him at lvl 6
?? !!
Monke strong
Original video
you can get alot higher with spellbind spell, i get around 9k without any pills and its not even optimized
版主已移除评论
How do I get my staff to glow like that? And also which skill do I need to make my focus go up while sprinting?
is really that difficult that boss?
I think there’s something wrong with my sixth relix There are no relic slots, did I do something wrong?
new game plus?
版主已移除评论
