================================================================================  评论列表:
Wait isn't Wukong final dev team is 100~130? I saw it from some article weeks ago. which is not big considering the size of the game. track me They started with 30 people. Showcased the demo of the game on a big gaming event ( they were looking for other devs to help them make this game and that demo made them popular) they have managed to get around 100-130 devs years later they finished the game and made history with records. And for 60 bucks Dude, I was so happy when I saw that. Just $60 like they’ve been for so many years. They didn’t try to upsell you on anything, if you wanted you could pay $10 extra for all the soundtrack and bonus content. That was a good thing they did, and it sure paid off too! Best extra $10 I have ever spent. In my 48 years on this earth, it was the first I pre-ordered a game. Absolutely no regrets. The soundtrack alone is worth it. Sometimes I just want to listen to the track “Listen Not.” This is the 2nd one I pre ordered. 1st one is "No rest for the wicked", that game is such a mess the bonus content actually usable through the whole game.  Definitely worth the extra $10. Honestly one of the only games I was absolutely happy to pay for the extra content if only you support the awesome game they made I bought the base game, and loved it so much that I was happy to give them the extra 10 dollars. Is the price like other 3As or not? Just to confirm:) No, lot of new games are $70 even $79, which basically $80 Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions Go play game, finish it and look at credits. There is a part with - sorted according to contribution - and year by year. It starts in 2018 and there is about 30 to 40 names there. List of names start growing with each year, but it looks like whole project was started by 30 devs. Which is normal and just part of the production pipeline, even within big studios. A small team usually starts laying the foundation for the next game. For example, Naughty Dog had a small team working on TLOU while they completed Uncharted 3. It means when they eventually move the full team over to the new project (or in the case of Wukong hire a lot more people) they're not still so deep in preproduction that they have nothing to start working on. Exactly..same like huge movie productions.. producers and some writers and then it grows and grows would require me to finish it. just got to chapter 4 with 25hrs in game and discovering as many secrets as i can 版主已移除评论 also from some sources, Bmwk's budget is $75m, pretty damn big imo
They started with 30 people. Showcased the demo of the game on a big gaming event ( they were looking for other devs to help them make this game and that demo made them popular) they have managed to get around 100-130 devs years later they finished the game and made history with records. And for 60 bucks Dude, I was so happy when I saw that. Just $60 like they’ve been for so many years. They didn’t try to upsell you on anything, if you wanted you could pay $10 extra for all the soundtrack and bonus content. That was a good thing they did, and it sure paid off too! Best extra $10 I have ever spent. In my 48 years on this earth, it was the first I pre-ordered a game. Absolutely no regrets. The soundtrack alone is worth it. Sometimes I just want to listen to the track “Listen Not.” This is the 2nd one I pre ordered. 1st one is "No rest for the wicked", that game is such a mess the bonus content actually usable through the whole game.  Definitely worth the extra $10. Honestly one of the only games I was absolutely happy to pay for the extra content if only you support the awesome game they made I bought the base game, and loved it so much that I was happy to give them the extra 10 dollars. Is the price like other 3As or not? Just to confirm:) No, lot of new games are $70 even $79, which basically $80 Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions
And for 60 bucks Dude, I was so happy when I saw that. Just $60 like they’ve been for so many years. They didn’t try to upsell you on anything, if you wanted you could pay $10 extra for all the soundtrack and bonus content. That was a good thing they did, and it sure paid off too! Best extra $10 I have ever spent. In my 48 years on this earth, it was the first I pre-ordered a game. Absolutely no regrets. The soundtrack alone is worth it. Sometimes I just want to listen to the track “Listen Not.” This is the 2nd one I pre ordered. 1st one is "No rest for the wicked", that game is such a mess the bonus content actually usable through the whole game.  Definitely worth the extra $10. Honestly one of the only games I was absolutely happy to pay for the extra content if only you support the awesome game they made I bought the base game, and loved it so much that I was happy to give them the extra 10 dollars. Is the price like other 3As or not? Just to confirm:) No, lot of new games are $70 even $79, which basically $80 Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions
Dude, I was so happy when I saw that. Just $60 like they’ve been for so many years. They didn’t try to upsell you on anything, if you wanted you could pay $10 extra for all the soundtrack and bonus content. That was a good thing they did, and it sure paid off too! Best extra $10 I have ever spent. In my 48 years on this earth, it was the first I pre-ordered a game. Absolutely no regrets. The soundtrack alone is worth it. Sometimes I just want to listen to the track “Listen Not.” This is the 2nd one I pre ordered. 1st one is "No rest for the wicked", that game is such a mess the bonus content actually usable through the whole game.  Definitely worth the extra $10. Honestly one of the only games I was absolutely happy to pay for the extra content if only you support the awesome game they made I bought the base game, and loved it so much that I was happy to give them the extra 10 dollars.
Best extra $10 I have ever spent. In my 48 years on this earth, it was the first I pre-ordered a game. Absolutely no regrets. The soundtrack alone is worth it. Sometimes I just want to listen to the track “Listen Not.” This is the 2nd one I pre ordered. 1st one is "No rest for the wicked", that game is such a mess the bonus content actually usable through the whole game.  Definitely worth the extra $10.
This is the 2nd one I pre ordered. 1st one is "No rest for the wicked", that game is such a mess
the bonus content actually usable through the whole game.  Definitely worth the extra $10.
Honestly one of the only games I was absolutely happy to pay for the extra content if only you support the awesome game they made
I bought the base game, and loved it so much that I was happy to give them the extra 10 dollars.
Is the price like other 3As or not? Just to confirm:) No, lot of new games are $70 even $79, which basically $80 Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions
No, lot of new games are $70 even $79, which basically $80 Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions
even $79, which basically $80 Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions
Which ones? I thought most $80 games were deluxe editions
Go play game, finish it and look at credits. There is a part with - sorted according to contribution - and year by year. It starts in 2018 and there is about 30 to 40 names there. List of names start growing with each year, but it looks like whole project was started by 30 devs. Which is normal and just part of the production pipeline, even within big studios. A small team usually starts laying the foundation for the next game. For example, Naughty Dog had a small team working on TLOU while they completed Uncharted 3. It means when they eventually move the full team over to the new project (or in the case of Wukong hire a lot more people) they're not still so deep in preproduction that they have nothing to start working on. Exactly..same like huge movie productions.. producers and some writers and then it grows and grows would require me to finish it. just got to chapter 4 with 25hrs in game and discovering as many secrets as i can
Which is normal and just part of the production pipeline, even within big studios. A small team usually starts laying the foundation for the next game. For example, Naughty Dog had a small team working on TLOU while they completed Uncharted 3. It means when they eventually move the full team over to the new project (or in the case of Wukong hire a lot more people) they're not still so deep in preproduction that they have nothing to start working on. Exactly..same like huge movie productions.. producers and some writers and then it grows and grows
Exactly..same like huge movie productions.. producers and some writers and then it grows and grows
would require me to finish it. just got to chapter 4 with 25hrs in game and discovering as many secrets as i can
版主已移除评论
also from some sources, Bmwk's budget is $75m, pretty damn big imo
Wukong took much more than 4 years to develop, it was revealed almost 4 years ago after being in development for a few years Partially correct: WuKong game's idea started 7 years ago but they had to spend the first three years to find the money founder/sponsor and development team.  (It was hard to find anyone who wants to spend that much money on a project which you can't guaranty the profit or might lose everything.) The project itself started after then which was 4 years ago. So you're telling me the trailer they released 4 years ago, which showcased gameplay and so many different areas of the game, was all created months before releasing that trailer? Go watch that trailer again. This game has been in development for at least 6 or 7 years. They did state that, that was just a pre-rendered scene not actual gameplay, the "Real" production didn't start until 4 years ago. Ah interesting I didn't know that Those trailers you mentioned about were pre-rendered demos mostly to convince the sponsors back then (Talking is not enough to let the sponsors to put their money into an unknown project), and of course they could be all used as "trailer" for the gamers at the same time. Hower, they were not yet in the stage of developing the gaming engines without enough funding at that time. And they switched engines mid development to take advantage of the new optimizations/capabilities available in UE5. I don't think thats even possible if the game was already far into development (without massive delays and cost overruns of course). This is cool, good to know It's called vertical slice, and it's what studios use to showcase their game to the publishers when they ask for money, or when they want to lie to the people that hey have a good game *cough* The Day Before *cough* That's how most reveal trailers are made Wukong project actually launched in 2016. I felt like I followed this sub for at least 4 years lol can't even play the game Yea that game has been in development at LEAST 7 years
Partially correct: WuKong game's idea started 7 years ago but they had to spend the first three years to find the money founder/sponsor and development team.  (It was hard to find anyone who wants to spend that much money on a project which you can't guaranty the profit or might lose everything.) The project itself started after then which was 4 years ago. So you're telling me the trailer they released 4 years ago, which showcased gameplay and so many different areas of the game, was all created months before releasing that trailer? Go watch that trailer again. This game has been in development for at least 6 or 7 years. They did state that, that was just a pre-rendered scene not actual gameplay, the "Real" production didn't start until 4 years ago. Ah interesting I didn't know that Those trailers you mentioned about were pre-rendered demos mostly to convince the sponsors back then (Talking is not enough to let the sponsors to put their money into an unknown project), and of course they could be all used as "trailer" for the gamers at the same time. Hower, they were not yet in the stage of developing the gaming engines without enough funding at that time. And they switched engines mid development to take advantage of the new optimizations/capabilities available in UE5. I don't think thats even possible if the game was already far into development (without massive delays and cost overruns of course). This is cool, good to know It's called vertical slice, and it's what studios use to showcase their game to the publishers when they ask for money, or when they want to lie to the people that hey have a good game *cough* The Day Before *cough* That's how most reveal trailers are made
So you're telling me the trailer they released 4 years ago, which showcased gameplay and so many different areas of the game, was all created months before releasing that trailer? Go watch that trailer again. This game has been in development for at least 6 or 7 years. They did state that, that was just a pre-rendered scene not actual gameplay, the "Real" production didn't start until 4 years ago. Ah interesting I didn't know that Those trailers you mentioned about were pre-rendered demos mostly to convince the sponsors back then (Talking is not enough to let the sponsors to put their money into an unknown project), and of course they could be all used as "trailer" for the gamers at the same time. Hower, they were not yet in the stage of developing the gaming engines without enough funding at that time. And they switched engines mid development to take advantage of the new optimizations/capabilities available in UE5. I don't think thats even possible if the game was already far into development (without massive delays and cost overruns of course). This is cool, good to know It's called vertical slice, and it's what studios use to showcase their game to the publishers when they ask for money, or when they want to lie to the people that hey have a good game *cough* The Day Before *cough* That's how most reveal trailers are made
They did state that, that was just a pre-rendered scene not actual gameplay, the "Real" production didn't start until 4 years ago. Ah interesting I didn't know that
Ah interesting I didn't know that
Those trailers you mentioned about were pre-rendered demos mostly to convince the sponsors back then (Talking is not enough to let the sponsors to put their money into an unknown project), and of course they could be all used as "trailer" for the gamers at the same time. Hower, they were not yet in the stage of developing the gaming engines without enough funding at that time. And they switched engines mid development to take advantage of the new optimizations/capabilities available in UE5. I don't think thats even possible if the game was already far into development (without massive delays and cost overruns of course). This is cool, good to know
And they switched engines mid development to take advantage of the new optimizations/capabilities available in UE5. I don't think thats even possible if the game was already far into development (without massive delays and cost overruns of course).
This is cool, good to know
It's called vertical slice, and it's what studios use to showcase their game to the publishers when they ask for money, or when they want to lie to the people that hey have a good game *cough* The Day Before *cough*
That's how most reveal trailers are made
Wukong project actually launched in 2016.
I felt like I followed this sub for at least 4 years lol can't even play the game
Yea that game has been in development at LEAST 7 years
Difference between developing a product for customers and developing a product to milk it. There's much more to it than that. I literally first heard about Concord last week. I didn't even know it had come out until this post. Now, I'm not a gaming journalist or anything, but I play games and I'm part of gaming communities. The fact I haven't heard of a game 8 years in the making is a tremendous marketing fail. Wukong, on the other hand, has been steadily building hype literally for years. They also created a Chinese game about China's equivalent of Superman, so they've got some strong tailwinds going their way. Concord kicked off the Sony State of Play I believe with a pretty long trailer and they marketed it a decent bit. They even released a special controller for it. It was in development for 8 years but not revealed until May of this year. So they did market a lot but I have no clue wtf they were doing for 8 whole years, especially with building no hype for the game. I didn't hear about Black Myth Wukong til about 2 weeks ago. It's not like this game was everywhere. I heard about Concord well over a month ago. This goes to show that your bubble isn't everyone else's bubble. They should make concord f2p and people who bought it get $100 credit for skins and battle passes there is nothing to milk about concord You're out of your mind if you think they weren't gonna add microtransation post-launch if the game was even a bit succuessful, it was built with live service in mind , but yeah, after the disasterous launch , pretty sure they will pull the plug on the game in the next 6 months or so. I really hate it that people is generalizing the concept of live service with “milking the players”. Live service in game isn’t new, and is a good thing if done well. Look no further than the grand daddy of Team Fortress 2, to a newer one like Counter Strike 2 and Fortnite. The issue with modern live service game is the dev are forcing the idea of live service on games that shouldn’t be one. SS:kill the justice league is the prime example. In Concord’s case, there is nothing in the game for players to invest and latch on. No one wants to play an ugly character with pronounce beside them. It doesn’t matter whether Concord is a live service game or not. The game is doomed to fail the moment they hire a bunch of activists to develop the game As a CS2 player, dont use CS2 as an example of live service done right. I love CS2 but valve doesnt "service" shit about that game. I mean hell almost all the content in the game is community made, valve hasnt added any studio made content to the game since launch, doesnt communicate with the player base, and takes months between updates. If not now, soon there will be micro transactions, it's only a matter of time. the game is doa It's the difference between making a product customers actually want vs making a product you wish really really hard that customers want.
There's much more to it than that. I literally first heard about Concord last week. I didn't even know it had come out until this post. Now, I'm not a gaming journalist or anything, but I play games and I'm part of gaming communities. The fact I haven't heard of a game 8 years in the making is a tremendous marketing fail. Wukong, on the other hand, has been steadily building hype literally for years. They also created a Chinese game about China's equivalent of Superman, so they've got some strong tailwinds going their way. Concord kicked off the Sony State of Play I believe with a pretty long trailer and they marketed it a decent bit. They even released a special controller for it. It was in development for 8 years but not revealed until May of this year. So they did market a lot but I have no clue wtf they were doing for 8 whole years, especially with building no hype for the game. I didn't hear about Black Myth Wukong til about 2 weeks ago. It's not like this game was everywhere. I heard about Concord well over a month ago. This goes to show that your bubble isn't everyone else's bubble. They should make concord f2p and people who bought it get $100 credit for skins and battle passes
Concord kicked off the Sony State of Play I believe with a pretty long trailer and they marketed it a decent bit. They even released a special controller for it. It was in development for 8 years but not revealed until May of this year. So they did market a lot but I have no clue wtf they were doing for 8 whole years, especially with building no hype for the game.
I didn't hear about Black Myth Wukong til about 2 weeks ago. It's not like this game was everywhere. I heard about Concord well over a month ago. This goes to show that your bubble isn't everyone else's bubble.
They should make concord f2p and people who bought it get $100 credit for skins and battle passes
there is nothing to milk about concord You're out of your mind if you think they weren't gonna add microtransation post-launch if the game was even a bit succuessful, it was built with live service in mind , but yeah, after the disasterous launch , pretty sure they will pull the plug on the game in the next 6 months or so. I really hate it that people is generalizing the concept of live service with “milking the players”. Live service in game isn’t new, and is a good thing if done well. Look no further than the grand daddy of Team Fortress 2, to a newer one like Counter Strike 2 and Fortnite. The issue with modern live service game is the dev are forcing the idea of live service on games that shouldn’t be one. SS:kill the justice league is the prime example. In Concord’s case, there is nothing in the game for players to invest and latch on. No one wants to play an ugly character with pronounce beside them. It doesn’t matter whether Concord is a live service game or not. The game is doomed to fail the moment they hire a bunch of activists to develop the game As a CS2 player, dont use CS2 as an example of live service done right. I love CS2 but valve doesnt "service" shit about that game. I mean hell almost all the content in the game is community made, valve hasnt added any studio made content to the game since launch, doesnt communicate with the player base, and takes months between updates. If not now, soon there will be micro transactions, it's only a matter of time. the game is doa
You're out of your mind if you think they weren't gonna add microtransation post-launch if the game was even a bit succuessful, it was built with live service in mind , but yeah, after the disasterous launch , pretty sure they will pull the plug on the game in the next 6 months or so. I really hate it that people is generalizing the concept of live service with “milking the players”. Live service in game isn’t new, and is a good thing if done well. Look no further than the grand daddy of Team Fortress 2, to a newer one like Counter Strike 2 and Fortnite. The issue with modern live service game is the dev are forcing the idea of live service on games that shouldn’t be one. SS:kill the justice league is the prime example. In Concord’s case, there is nothing in the game for players to invest and latch on. No one wants to play an ugly character with pronounce beside them. It doesn’t matter whether Concord is a live service game or not. The game is doomed to fail the moment they hire a bunch of activists to develop the game As a CS2 player, dont use CS2 as an example of live service done right. I love CS2 but valve doesnt "service" shit about that game. I mean hell almost all the content in the game is community made, valve hasnt added any studio made content to the game since launch, doesnt communicate with the player base, and takes months between updates.
I really hate it that people is generalizing the concept of live service with “milking the players”. Live service in game isn’t new, and is a good thing if done well. Look no further than the grand daddy of Team Fortress 2, to a newer one like Counter Strike 2 and Fortnite. The issue with modern live service game is the dev are forcing the idea of live service on games that shouldn’t be one. SS:kill the justice league is the prime example. In Concord’s case, there is nothing in the game for players to invest and latch on. No one wants to play an ugly character with pronounce beside them. It doesn’t matter whether Concord is a live service game or not. The game is doomed to fail the moment they hire a bunch of activists to develop the game As a CS2 player, dont use CS2 as an example of live service done right. I love CS2 but valve doesnt "service" shit about that game. I mean hell almost all the content in the game is community made, valve hasnt added any studio made content to the game since launch, doesnt communicate with the player base, and takes months between updates.
As a CS2 player, dont use CS2 as an example of live service done right. I love CS2 but valve doesnt "service" shit about that game. I mean hell almost all the content in the game is community made, valve hasnt added any studio made content to the game since launch, doesnt communicate with the player base, and takes months between updates.
If not now, soon there will be micro transactions, it's only a matter of time. the game is doa
the game is doa
It's the difference between making a product customers actually want vs making a product you wish really really hard that customers want.
Passionated studio vs corporate studio. Simple as this. Passion and the desire to do great game that people want to play vs the desire to do a game based on what PR and polls said. Yeah people make up all these different excuses but with a passionate team and a great game this will happen. Most of the time those other games have zero passion and are just downright bad games. Sometimes they have passion but people just don’t like the game, that’s more likely with indie studios. In this case Wukong hit on both cylinders and made a great game
Yeah people make up all these different excuses but with a passionate team and a great game this will happen. Most of the time those other games have zero passion and are just downright bad games. Sometimes they have passion but people just don’t like the game, that’s more likely with indie studios. In this case Wukong hit on both cylinders and made a great game
I heard it took 7 years and 100+ people to develop BMW, but it doesn’t change this contrast even slightly. Indeed, but it did start at 30-40 people. In the credits it had a sort of employee timeline and it had 30-40 at the beginning. Crazy how many joined the project. Also I believe they had a budget of ~$40 million. So half the budget of Concord and many times more successful
Indeed, but it did start at 30-40 people. In the credits it had a sort of employee timeline and it had 30-40 at the beginning. Crazy how many joined the project.
Also I believe they had a budget of ~$40 million. So half the budget of Concord and many times more successful
Make a game for the entire audience not a brain rotten fraction of target audience. Seems logical
Actually wukong was 7 years in making, and the team is around 150
Common sense happened.
they are very passionate and talented people, not easy to find those kind of people.
4yrs to develop? That surely isn't correct. I feel like I've been seeing videos of it for a lot longer than just 2020. It's not correct. Wukong took 7 years of development, 130 developers and we don't know the development cost of Concord. So basically it's all just made up numbers. Intensity and amount of investment also isn't accounting for duration - how many people/resources and how much effort probably isn't equally distributed across those years.
It's not correct. Wukong took 7 years of development, 130 developers and we don't know the development cost of Concord. So basically it's all just made up numbers. Intensity and amount of investment also isn't accounting for duration - how many people/resources and how much effort probably isn't equally distributed across those years.
Intensity and amount of investment also isn't accounting for duration - how many people/resources and how much effort probably isn't equally distributed across those years.
you already said all. wukong was made from people who love games  and just want people love their game no greddy people here, small studio . concord was made thinking in microtransations in  mind,  and all  the money they could get from the buyers. greddy people here, they just wanted release a game who will gave them money. evertyhing else was secundary.im sorry for the people behind the game, they were just employes, publishers are to blame, the ones who run the show. im happy for sucess wulong and im happy for desastrous disaster release concord. these company have to learn the hard way.players are not their piggy banks Just like Grinding Gear Games LOGIN
Just like Grinding Gear Games LOGIN
LOGIN
I think you are spreading miss info here. Wukong first trailer was released 4 years ago, to get to this points the game should been in development at least 2 years give or so, the team started small, but they hired a lot of people and are 100+. I love the game and so on, but 4 year for a game like that cmon.
Single player Offline game No MTs Overall good game with great graphics. Thats what most gamers want anyway.
I'm 100% sure that Wukong took more than 4 years to develop because 4 years ago, i saw the first trailer and that didn't pop from nowhere.
These numbers aren't correct. According to VG Insights Concord has sold c.16,000 units, which is still horrifyingly bad, but still better than 700. I think whoever wrote this confused peak concurrent player count with sales. As for what went wrong with Concord there's no simple single answer and you could probably write volumes about what each studio did right or wrong. Many might lean to the culture ware controversies that surrounded both titles, but even if we were to take that out entirely, Black Myth was highly anticipated for years since it's initial teaser. I don't think anyone was looking forward to Concord since all it seems to do is answer the question, "What if Overwatch was made by a first year design student?".
this is what differentiates good games from bad games. Western dev can't seem to understand what players are interested in playing. That can't possibly be true considering just last year western devs put out Hogwarts, Remnant 2, Baulders Gate and Alan Wake.
That can't possibly be true considering just last year western devs put out Hogwarts, Remnant 2, Baulders Gate and Alan Wake.
Let's not be dishonest. It hasn't sold well but it didn't sell only 700 copies. It's not just on steam. So 2k sales? Still not great We don't know, and I didn't say they were great, but they're good enough for the queue times to be non-existent. Just pointing out steam numbers isn't the only metric.
So 2k sales? Still not great We don't know, and I didn't say they were great, but they're good enough for the queue times to be non-existent. Just pointing out steam numbers isn't the only metric.
We don't know, and I didn't say they were great, but they're good enough for the queue times to be non-existent. Just pointing out steam numbers isn't the only metric.
Really 700 copies sold? A couple thousand copies sold, 700 concurrent players yesterday The SteamDB estimations from 3 sources are ~10k copies.
A couple thousand copies sold, 700 concurrent players yesterday
The SteamDB estimations from 3 sources are ~10k copies.
Passion wins every time. You can run the numbers, check engagement statistics, add every little detail that has been proven to get players to play a game but if it has no soul it will show. Every time.
More like what can most Western devs learn from this. How the fuck can 30-130 people in 4 years make Black Myth Wukong, meanwhile companies with literal thousands of employees like EA and Ubisoft launch a buggy mess of a game. Or making the same slop over and over again. Or Bungie purposefully under achieving and under delivering despite having several hundreds of devs. Or 343 Industries fucking Halo up so much that it died and no longer have the cultural relevance it has since the 2000s. Games like Palworlds, Black Myth Wukong, or indies like Terraria, Stardew Valley, Lethal Company, etc. have blown the western AAA devs out of the water. With less people, resources, even time invested. Shit... even mobile games like Zenless Zone Zero is doing so well with their artstyle, gameplay loop, characters, music, etc.
wasn’t made by 30 people. Before the first trailer, yes. Max amount of people was 120. Roughly 40mil usd budget
版主已移除评论 5%? Thats too much. More like 0.1% I agree, most of the people I know who constantly complaints about these kind of matters in gaming industry don't really consume games or the games they consumes are F2P mobile games or chill games... Which is completely fine, play whatever you want... Just don't try to teach me how I should like my games, specially when you are not going to consume it even if it is made as you think it has to. Thats definitely closer, because it got like...what? 578 players tops? lets just say, wukong has 2.5m concurrent, concord has 700. 700/2500000x100 = 0,028% lmao they're even lower than my initial out of the ass 0.1% estimation. The mistake was catering only to the modern audience. Baldurs Gate 3 was very diverse and went on to win dozens of GoTY awards. But it had something for everyone. Original BioWare BG fans were delighted. Old school CRPG fans loved it. The game had tons of care put into it, and it resonated. 5% way too much. Probably 0.02% - 0.04% Well... it's always the loud vocal minority that gets attention... leading to misrepresenting the silent majority's needs. The squeaky wheel gets the grease. And then when the time actually comes to prove and support a game that is made for the vocal minority... voila. You got little to no players. Which is fine... if you set your expectations. But asking for something big like Overwatch whilst catering to a niche audience is just asinine. And that is one of the reasons why you see the "modern audience" stuff on already established medium. Since they have been around a long time and is a cultural hit, they are essentially too big to fail. Star Wars is an example. The Acolyte was a disaster... but isn't going to bankrupt Disney or kill the franchise. So rinse and repeat you get more of the "modern audience" Star Wars stuff. But outside of that... yeah that will not fly by. Ironically... the "modern audience" people don't see it like this. They laugh when general public people get disgruntled when seeing the stuff made for "modern audience" and when the IP does well (because it already had been a well established franchise i.e. Star Wars) they toot their horn thinking they won the social-political culture war and believe they are representative of the majority. Instead of the other way around. And if things don't go their way, like the Acolyte season 2 cancelled or Concord failing... instead of seeing and accepting the "modern audience" being the minority of the demographic, thus the small numbers leading to it's failure... but the silent majority being all bigots, racists, homophobes, etc. When in reality... if you cater to niche demographic... you are gonna get niche numbers... and niche products are not known for being made "for everyone". It's like a kitchen knife. A regular kitchen knife can be used for cutting vegetables, meat, fruits, etc. Can even be used as a home defence weapon or opening up taped boxes. But instead of making a kitchen knife... the devs made a scalpel. Whilst it does cut and can do what regular kitchen knife does... people want a kitchen knife for the kitchen. And the devs are surprised that doctors want the scalpel... but regular home owners want an kitchen knife. Why do you list ZAU alongside with Concord now? Because anything featuring a poc (even if it’s made by a poc FOR poc) is pandering because it doesn’t fit fans perfect white world where everyone looks like Nathan Drake nd Harleen Quinzel
5%? Thats too much. More like 0.1% I agree, most of the people I know who constantly complaints about these kind of matters in gaming industry don't really consume games or the games they consumes are F2P mobile games or chill games... Which is completely fine, play whatever you want... Just don't try to teach me how I should like my games, specially when you are not going to consume it even if it is made as you think it has to. Thats definitely closer, because it got like...what? 578 players tops? lets just say, wukong has 2.5m concurrent, concord has 700. 700/2500000x100 = 0,028% lmao they're even lower than my initial out of the ass 0.1% estimation.
I agree, most of the people I know who constantly complaints about these kind of matters in gaming industry don't really consume games or the games they consumes are F2P mobile games or chill games... Which is completely fine, play whatever you want... Just don't try to teach me how I should like my games, specially when you are not going to consume it even if it is made as you think it has to.
Thats definitely closer, because it got like...what? 578 players tops? lets just say, wukong has 2.5m concurrent, concord has 700. 700/2500000x100 = 0,028% lmao they're even lower than my initial out of the ass 0.1% estimation.
lets just say, wukong has 2.5m concurrent, concord has 700. 700/2500000x100 = 0,028% lmao they're even lower than my initial out of the ass 0.1% estimation.
The mistake was catering only to the modern audience. Baldurs Gate 3 was very diverse and went on to win dozens of GoTY awards. But it had something for everyone. Original BioWare BG fans were delighted. Old school CRPG fans loved it. The game had tons of care put into it, and it resonated.
5% way too much. Probably 0.02% - 0.04%
Well... it's always the loud vocal minority that gets attention... leading to misrepresenting the silent majority's needs. The squeaky wheel gets the grease. And then when the time actually comes to prove and support a game that is made for the vocal minority... voila. You got little to no players. Which is fine... if you set your expectations. But asking for something big like Overwatch whilst catering to a niche audience is just asinine. And that is one of the reasons why you see the "modern audience" stuff on already established medium. Since they have been around a long time and is a cultural hit, they are essentially too big to fail. Star Wars is an example. The Acolyte was a disaster... but isn't going to bankrupt Disney or kill the franchise. So rinse and repeat you get more of the "modern audience" Star Wars stuff. But outside of that... yeah that will not fly by. Ironically... the "modern audience" people don't see it like this. They laugh when general public people get disgruntled when seeing the stuff made for "modern audience" and when the IP does well (because it already had been a well established franchise i.e. Star Wars) they toot their horn thinking they won the social-political culture war and believe they are representative of the majority. Instead of the other way around. And if things don't go their way, like the Acolyte season 2 cancelled or Concord failing... instead of seeing and accepting the "modern audience" being the minority of the demographic, thus the small numbers leading to it's failure... but the silent majority being all bigots, racists, homophobes, etc. When in reality... if you cater to niche demographic... you are gonna get niche numbers... and niche products are not known for being made "for everyone". It's like a kitchen knife. A regular kitchen knife can be used for cutting vegetables, meat, fruits, etc. Can even be used as a home defence weapon or opening up taped boxes. But instead of making a kitchen knife... the devs made a scalpel. Whilst it does cut and can do what regular kitchen knife does... people want a kitchen knife for the kitchen. And the devs are surprised that doctors want the scalpel... but regular home owners want an kitchen knife.
Why do you list ZAU alongside with Concord now? Because anything featuring a poc (even if it’s made by a poc FOR poc) is pandering because it doesn’t fit fans perfect white world where everyone looks like Nathan Drake nd Harleen Quinzel
Because anything featuring a poc (even if it’s made by a poc FOR poc) is pandering because it doesn’t fit fans perfect white world where everyone looks like Nathan Drake nd Harleen Quinzel
版主已移除评论 Uhm most people in the west like it? Only snowflakes who scream the loudest dont but i dont see them as western
Uhm most people in the west like it? Only snowflakes who scream the loudest dont but i dont see them as western
its corporate greed. They want to sell you something every few weeks so they think live service is the way to do that. but you need to catch lightning in a bottle for that to happen, not give us gameplay that was stale even 10 years ago. CORPORATE GREED!!
Great game, made by people/gamers with Passion (period!)
The secret ending has the people listed in order of what year they joined in. I think it was 2017 ot 2018 so definitely not 4 years.
I've never even heard of Concord lol crazy how a game made by a random group of friends from China generated more hype
LoL, nearly every number in this post is wrong. Concord had a 6 year dev cycle from what I've heard. Concords budget is difficult to determine since Sony bought the studio, and concord was a big part of that deal. We don't know how many copies of Concord sold, it wasn't many, but for peak concurrent PC to hit 700ish, they would likely need to sell at least 10k copies. Everybody doesn't hate concord, the response has been a resounding  "Whats concord?" Wukong was in the works for at least 6 years, probably closer to 7. Wukongs total dev count is close to 150. They did not all meet in university/earlier. Wukong is a much simpler game on a technical level targeting less extreme production values. Wukongs target Demo is MASSIVE compared to Concord. Like I get that this is the Wukong subreddit, and I don't think concord is good either, but it's just completely asinine to compare the two.
What a weird comparison…. Go touch grass
That's cause black Myth is single player & cocord is multiplayer and you have to have PS Plus to play it
BM:W first trailer in 2020 but it was officially kicked off internally in 2018. Yet the argument still holds yes.
Far better advertising and gameplay choices. Black Myth: Wukong was advertised years in advance with gameplay that was actually used in the game. Concord I heard once a few months before it came out with a crappy cinematic that had nothing to do with the actual game. Wukong is an interesting RPG with no micro transactions in an era of gaming that gets one every once in a while. Concord is a generic arena shooter live service game in an era of gaming that is up to people’s eyeballs with live service games and everyone is sick of it
Funny story, I saw people blaming SBI for the failure of Concord. Yet LGBTQ characters in OW looks just fine, and once it was also a great game. I guess when leader of the company cares more about cash flow and less about the game, everything can go wrong.
EA happened
I wonder who the MSOT people are?
Passion beats pandering
To be fair, even garten of banban has more fan and peak players than concord. Yes, that Poppy playtime ripped off made by 2 idiots with no talent who put close to 0 efforts into the game is a more successful game than concord. When all the characters look like shitty mockery of preschooler crayon doodles.
Is wukong actually made by 30 people? If that’s true holy fuck
can they dev learn
concord is not a game its a business idea
Passion for the craft is very important...
You just don’t mess with da monke.
It's really unfair to compare a remake of a national classic as a AAA title to some small Indy game.
Is the wokeness in the room with you? How fragile are you guys that you get upset over some characters in a video game
Greed and stupidity
Love to see random numbers being thrown on a post and people not caring enough to check for themselves if they're actually real
It's what happens when you develop a game for non existent LGTV gamers. They are rather interested in playing real life road blocking game, saying shit in Twitter and self deleting their own save files IRL
Wasn´t wukong announced since longer than that ? I remember seeing that cutscene from chapter 3 a while ago,it seemed way more than 4 years
It’s very harsh to say everyone hates concord. The few people who bought it seem to like it. It’s definitely not a bad game. Sales don’t always equate to quality.
😭
The dunking on Concord is great because Sony really knew better, but basically all of the stats in this are wrong.
when Concord developed, Overwatch 2 has been released for free and other hero shooter released too but many failed. Concord team never learn from the failed project so they follow the same steps as the predecessor.  Also the pricing for MP coop games like this, bit too high. The characters etc so meh.
Make good game ppl buy say game is good
Yeah.....no. Wukong first reveal trailer was like 4 years ago, and it already showed mid game parts like the snow mountain. That game started developing years before that first reveal.
I never heard of concord before Wukong lmao
Why would this post lie about the Wukong stats?  They are impressive enough already, no need to embellish.  They started work on it in 2017, same year as concord in fact.  There are not 30 but hundreds of people who worked on the game, especially if you take into account external contract studios, of which game science employed many.  They certainly did not all meet in school.  Weird ass post
The thing is Concord started development during the height of Overwatch popularity. Hero shooters have been on the decline since then, Overwatch 2 hurt the genre a lot. Tricky thing about development, you want to jump on gaming fads to make that money, but those fads can quickly die and the next one takes over.
While on the note of Wukong, what exactly makes it as good as people are making it out to be? I get it's set in Chinese Mythology, but it just feels like an easier Soulslike game. What's got everyone so hype about it?
What can we learn? That money laundering is the only actual industry left in the West.
2024-2018 = 4
One is making a game to appeal black rock investment one is making a game.
Just looked at concord gameplay, just another typical apex, cod, overwatch clone. Comparing wukong to that game is not fair considering they are very different. Besides the people that usually play the arena games stay in that niche and barely branch out to rpgs.
it's an easy lay up when you are comparing between single player rpgs vs live service shooters games. even the worst action rpg out there is better than concord.
Monkey over gay shit any day
Game is good. But it’s massively Overhyped and numbers are insanely boosted by Chinese market. Lord they had a holiday if they bought the game to play it on release. Like. Glad the game is having success. But it’s far from perfect like everyone in this sub pretend it is. Micro stutter happens quite often during combat and cutscenes. Invisible walls. What is this ? A ps2 game ? There is much better way to have boundaries other than invisible walls. Hitbox on many boss is janky. Only 1 type of weapon. One set of combo for the whole game. Lack of skill that actually matters. « If you didn’t talk to X npc it dies » type of quest was hated in souls like game. Everyone is now fine with this in this game. Soundtrack is very average. Main character has ZERO emotion, doesn’t react to anything. He is just there, could be anything but a monkey and it wouldn’t matter. Everyone is so blind to all the glaring issue of this game due to it being massively overhyped. I’m still enjoying it. But this isn’t perfect by any means
It’s amazing that i hear about concord more from the people who don’t play it than the people who do. I personally just don’t think about games i don’t play/care for
Make things the players want instead of things the CEO wants.
Genres, hero shooters are just really bland now. And while I don’t think Wukong is a soulslike, sure it may have elements, it’s more akin to God of War and DMC, which are great games part of great genres. I just don’t think those genres will ever really be bland, but hero shooters, definitely.
To say everyone hates concord is ridiculous. I am completely indifferent to it
What can we learn from this? Other than the fact that when developers develop their games with gamers in mind and leave out stupid left vs. right politics, the games are actually better received. I'm all for D.E.I., being black, but I don't think it needs to be force-fed into every single media format. There are people, across every spectrum of life, that just want to be able to disconnect and decompress from the ugly goings on in every day life and just veg out with a game, show, movie or book and we don't want to see stupid political talking points in those things at every turn. That doesn't mean those things aren't important because they are. We just don't want every aspect of our lives flooded with constant reminders that no matter what, humans will hate other humans.
Not sure why you are comparing these games why not compare to something like elden ring or Jedi survivor. But Concord is a game that is chasing a over bloated market that is dominated by free to play it's easy to see why it was dead on arrival
Basically; make good game, game makes money
Concord is a souless corporate attempt at churning out their own version of a live service low effort money spinner for Sony. For whatever faults Wukong has it's at least above all a passion project made with care and effort from a, by today's standards and the level they achieved, a tiny group of people.
Its been in development for 8 years stop fucking larping
24 hours in and I’m still in chapter 3
Because it has no identity politics
Wukong took 10 years to develop according to reports I've seen.
Yeah all msot people I spoke to said they love it too
Shortest answer will be : because wukong devs are not thinking gay.
what can we learn from this? that there;s hope for a $100M budget wuxia/xianxia game in horizon...
I didn’t realise concord is a game until now, while purchasing wukong from the playstore i thought it was just a generic placeholder image of characters from different games put together. The poster and title makes it looks like some type of service or platform than a game
Concord was made for a audience that didn't want it. Wukong was made for an audience that wanted it. It's simple really. Also why would someone pay $40 for a hero shooter when there are better free alternatives.
Concord should of got shelved when overwatch 2 came out and went well received  .. insane they kept developing that game ..whoever was the person keeping sony encouraged it was going to do well is a master swindler
Arrowhead need to learn a few lessons from this studio.
They got all Wukonged up!!! 🤔😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I know Concord is bad but this is just misinformation, Wukong studio got way more than 30 people.
You can learn that people rather play as mute Ape XD
What happened is Sony tried to chase up the live service industry to make fat stacks. It's a sound business idea but concord is ultimately too similar to overwatch and deprived of starting content to make a statement. You'd think it would succeed like helldivers 2 did but that game had pedigree behind it as the first game had a cult following anyway which helped propel it into relevance. Also while it hasn't delivered as much on new content as fans wanted it had a healthy play loop from the get go and that will keep it alive for a while yet. It's a shame but here's hoping Sony hunker down on the single player market more since they already had that nailed.
1: marketing was bad 2: people hating lgbtq things as soon as they get a whiff of it the game play is solid, the graphics are amazing (for both games) concord deserved to do better imo. but i can’t blame gamers, the developers had to know having any sort of dyed hair would cause a shit storm with conservative gamers.
Can’t spell Wukong without W.
Can't deny concord didn't sell well on steam but the game is a blast to play.
4 years? Im almost positive i heard talks of this game in 18-19. Thats almost unbelievable that they accomplished this in 4 years. Ive been talking about weekly for at least 3
its not some regurgitated bullshit they keep trying to sell us. Sony if you want to make some money start developing bloodborne2
It’s called passion and clear idea and focus :)
用户已删除评论
ALSO, many so called “game news sites” were fully trying to run Wukong out of business and fail the game. while simultaneously supporting the  extreme and terrible workplaces like the one that made Concord
Played literally half a game of Concord during the beta and immediately nope’d it. Feel bad for the devs tho, all that work for pretty much nothing
Wukong cant be compared to concord on any scale. Wukong is chinese superman given a great single player experience. Concord is a hero shooter in a already big ocean of hero shooters, literally releasing within a hairs breath of yet another hero shooter. No one wants it not because it might be bad but because on a shelf of 100 different sugar cereals this one was just another one that looked like the same flavor of at least 10 others that were already good and or ok.
i got so hyped when i first saw the concord trailer just to find out it was another fps :/
Concord looks like a fun time but I'm never going to pay $ for a live service game when much bet ones are free with huge player bases.if Concord goes F2P id give it a look.
版主已移除评论
they happened
Theres gsmeplay fortage from wukong that's about 3-4 years old.
The fact that 30 people made it helped the game massively, there was no creative pull from different people with different visions, no consultants, no chain of command. If there was a conflict, they probably just sat down and figured it out in 1 or 2 meetings Whereas other studio had sony supervision, though not declared, undoubtedly watched over by a consultancy group, no quick decisions, etc Game science's purpose was clear, make a fun game based on a good mythos and stay away from worthless money sinks such as consultancy. Being limited by cash or time is actually a good thing sometimes, it makes people find unique methods to deal with a problem.
Concord went into a saturated market, plus there are so many live service games right now. Corporations usually are never in touch with what gamers want, they are in touch with how they can milk us for all our money. That’s just my two cents anyways.
What can we learn from this? Simple. "Modern audiences", game journalists, and activists have zero power if we dont give it to them.
Gotta love the ignorance of the new generation of gamers hahaha
I don't play shooters so I never heard of that game. But Wukong really benefited from that first reveal. That showcase of the demo was amazing and it really did boost their development in a big way.
Souls-like games are getting more popular
You can show love to one game workout showing hate for another. Like the devs at game science, the concord team tried their best.
Depend on whether you successfully attracts the Chinese market
Wukong is obviously infinitely more successful than Concord, but there's also a lot of bullshit, misinformation, and exaggeration in that short comparison. Concord sold 700 copies? Could not find a single source for that. I assume they just copied the steam concurrent numbers. I'm sure sales are low, but not THAT low. Not everyone plays at the same time, and there's also the PS5 version. Wukong was NOT made by 30 people. Thats insane. Concord obviously getting a ton of hate, but most of that is just piling on. The people are are actually playing it, seem to like it. People love to mock, that doesnt mean "everybody hates it". Wukong did NOT take 4 yrs to develop. We saw polished looking gameplay from multiple biomes 4 yrs ago. And if you're using whatever metric to state 4 yrs (ie. full production) then I doubt Concord took 8 by that same metric. And yes, Ive seen the tweet mentioning that. I have zero interest in Concord, it's clearly a massive failure, and Wukong is a massive success. But no point in ridiculous exaggerations just to mock Concord even more.
China is the future of video games
I pray to god this studio won't be sold to neither, Xbox or Sony.
Sorta like Valheim was only 5 people and a big success. Seems like fewer people on the same goal is better than managing a horde of people with individual thoughts.
https://youtu.be/wLybTrhDGbg This masterpiece would have broken more records if it would have been a bigger team of devs .
ape strong
