Recently there have been a series of posts uploaded here by a few users alleging upcoming DLC leaks, when they are actually ================================================================================  评论列表:
Is this rule subject to everything that might be interpreted as "possible leak" for the general audience or just posts claiming it's a leak? For example if I post ultra high detailed art work that's good to the point someone in the comment might ask "is this a leak?" And potentially leads to future DLC ideas and discussions like: "if we're going to have an DLC I then.." etc. BUT, I specifically stated it's an art work and not a leak. track me Using your example, as long as the user specifies in their posts that the content is fan made, like their own artwork, then it’s fine. Comments made under such posts about what people would like to see in DLC is okay as well. The mod team just wants to avoid cases of  people saying “XYZ is a new BMW dlc leak!”, which can be misleading. If an artwork is in fact a fanart or a concept art that is not made by any of game science’s art department, for people to discuss ideas for the potential of a future dlc it’s completely understandable. However posts like “New black myth wukong leaks!” Can persuade people into believing that it’s real and true, causing confusion and misleading them into believing something that it’s not real.
Using your example, as long as the user specifies in their posts that the content is fan made, like their own artwork, then it’s fine. Comments made under such posts about what people would like to see in DLC is okay as well. The mod team just wants to avoid cases of  people saying “XYZ is a new BMW dlc leak!”, which can be misleading.
If an artwork is in fact a fanart or a concept art that is not made by any of game science’s art department, for people to discuss ideas for the potential of a future dlc it’s completely understandable. However posts like “New black myth wukong leaks!” Can persuade people into believing that it’s real and true, causing confusion and misleading them into believing something that it’s not real.
Exactly, game science never said they were gonna do DLC, it's fully player speculation that they were gonna make DLC of the cut chapters, all we know from game science is that they cut the game from 13 chapters to 6, and that they had two sequels already planned, this was before the game was a complete and utter success, if we get DLC game science will announce it not a random leaker, hell we may not even DLC sadly but rumour and speculation shouldn't be confused with fact and confirmation They did confirm DLC though, check the pinned posts on the sub Ah cool I hadn't heard of that news yet, awesome,. hopefully it's at least this year but if not oh well
They did confirm DLC though, check the pinned posts on the sub Ah cool I hadn't heard of that news yet, awesome,. hopefully it's at least this year but if not oh well
Ah cool I hadn't heard of that news yet, awesome,. hopefully it's at least this year but if not oh well
c'mon let them post. There's nothing new to talk about anyways. It's fun. It's reddit lol, why need to be so particular about rules. Just my opinion. It’s not fun to spread lies, it’s fine to say concept arts but saying that it’s from a leak from the dlc is not good, let alone saying that the works came from the team of game science. I immediately did some investigation yesterday when I saw someone posted “leaks of the dlc” and I have debunked it as fake information and 13 hours later I saw another one and now it has more than 200 upvotes within 4 hours. Fan art you mean? Concept art means it's from official sources Concept arts can also be used for something not official as well, like for example, an expression of an idea of what are some potential add ons in the future dlc, it gives freedom to those who want to express their creativity Because it spreads misinformation. Even if it’s just a game it’s not good for people to be mislead and later disappointed. It’s not good for anyone
It’s not fun to spread lies, it’s fine to say concept arts but saying that it’s from a leak from the dlc is not good, let alone saying that the works came from the team of game science. I immediately did some investigation yesterday when I saw someone posted “leaks of the dlc” and I have debunked it as fake information and 13 hours later I saw another one and now it has more than 200 upvotes within 4 hours. Fan art you mean? Concept art means it's from official sources Concept arts can also be used for something not official as well, like for example, an expression of an idea of what are some potential add ons in the future dlc, it gives freedom to those who want to express their creativity
Fan art you mean? Concept art means it's from official sources Concept arts can also be used for something not official as well, like for example, an expression of an idea of what are some potential add ons in the future dlc, it gives freedom to those who want to express their creativity
Concept arts can also be used for something not official as well, like for example, an expression of an idea of what are some potential add ons in the future dlc, it gives freedom to those who want to express their creativity
Because it spreads misinformation. Even if it’s just a game it’s not good for people to be mislead and later disappointed. It’s not good for anyone
Called it out yesterday in that thread . A language barrier unfortunately can lead to unnecessary confusion. Sometimes, I even see video game journalists interpret things wrongly, because there is hardly due diligence among some of them. Like when they machine translated a social media post by Feng Ji, but none of them knew what the word "robe" in their machine translation of his text meant.  It was actually "kasaya", which is a slang reference to video game awards used within the BMW community and thus Game Science. That was kinda funny.
Is this rule subject to everything that might be interpreted as "possible leak" for the general audience or just posts claiming it's a leak? For example if I post ultra high detailed art work that's good to the point someone in the comment might ask "is this a leak?" And potentially leads to future DLC ideas and discussions like: "if we're going to have an DLC I then.." etc. BUT, I specifically stated it's an art work and not a leak. Using your example, as long as the user specifies in their posts that the content is fan made, like their own artwork, then it’s fine. Comments made under such posts about what people would like to see in DLC is okay as well. The mod team just wants to avoid cases of  people saying “XYZ is a new BMW dlc leak!”, which can be misleading. If an artwork is in fact a fanart or a concept art that is not made by any of game science’s art department, for people to discuss ideas for the potential of a future dlc it’s completely understandable. However posts like “New black myth wukong leaks!” Can persuade people into believing that it’s real and true, causing confusion and misleading them into believing something that it’s not real.
Using your example, as long as the user specifies in their posts that the content is fan made, like their own artwork, then it’s fine. Comments made under such posts about what people would like to see in DLC is okay as well. The mod team just wants to avoid cases of  people saying “XYZ is a new BMW dlc leak!”, which can be misleading.
If an artwork is in fact a fanart or a concept art that is not made by any of game science’s art department, for people to discuss ideas for the potential of a future dlc it’s completely understandable. However posts like “New black myth wukong leaks!” Can persuade people into believing that it’s real and true, causing confusion and misleading them into believing something that it’s not real.
Exactly, game science never said they were gonna do DLC, it's fully player speculation that they were gonna make DLC of the cut chapters, all we know from game science is that they cut the game from 13 chapters to 6, and that they had two sequels already planned, this was before the game was a complete and utter success, if we get DLC game science will announce it not a random leaker, hell we may not even DLC sadly but rumour and speculation shouldn't be confused with fact and confirmation They did confirm DLC though, check the pinned posts on the sub
They did confirm DLC though, check the pinned posts on the sub
Called it out yesterday in that thread . A language barrier unfortunately can lead to unnecessary confusion. Sometimes, I even see video game journalists interpret things wrongly, because there is hardly due diligence among some of them. Like when they machine translated a social media post by Feng Ji, but none of them knew what the word "robe" in their machine translation of his text meant.  It was actually "kasaya", which is a slang reference to video game awards used within the BMW community and thus Game Science. That was kinda funny.
c'mon let them post. There's nothing new to talk about anyways. It's fun. It's reddit lol, why need to be so particular about rules. Just my opinion. Because it spreads misinformation. Even if it’s just a game it’s not good for people to be mislead and later disappointed. It’s not good for anyone It’s not fun to spread lies, it’s fine to say concept arts but saying that it’s from a leak from the dlc is not good, let alone saying that the works came from the team of game science. I immediately did some investigation yesterday when I saw someone posted “leaks of the dlc” and I have debunked it as fake information and 13 hours later I saw another one and now it has more than 200 upvotes within 4 hours.
Because it spreads misinformation. Even if it’s just a game it’s not good for people to be mislead and later disappointed. It’s not good for anyone
It’s not fun to spread lies, it’s fine to say concept arts but saying that it’s from a leak from the dlc is not good, let alone saying that the works came from the team of game science. I immediately did some investigation yesterday when I saw someone posted “leaks of the dlc” and I have debunked it as fake information and 13 hours later I saw another one and now it has more than 200 upvotes within 4 hours.
