Link: ================================================================================  评论列表:
Let's gooooo 🐒🐵 I don't even care if it wins, at least it got nominated😊 track me Itd be nice to have a win too lol, get in and vote! Trust me, I already did! I think it has a very good chance of winning best art direction Here's hoping! For me, it was between Black myth and metaphor for art direction. I went with black myth. I am confident BMW will win something
Itd be nice to have a win too lol, get in and vote! Trust me, I already did!
Trust me, I already did!
I think it has a very good chance of winning best art direction Here's hoping! For me, it was between Black myth and metaphor for art direction. I went with black myth. I am confident BMW will win something
Here's hoping! For me, it was between Black myth and metaphor for art direction. I went with black myth.
I am confident BMW will win something
Deservedly so. Wukong is so sick! Justice for Wukong 100% deserves the spot
Justice for Wukong
100% deserves the spot
It’s also been nominated for Best art direction & Best game direction It’s also nominated for best action game I think it's taking best action game for sure 用户已删除评论 The politics should be discarded.  Why would IGN matter?  IGN has 1 vote (per staff).  They are what.. 100 at best.  We are in the millions.
It’s also nominated for best action game I think it's taking best action game for sure
I think it's taking best action game for sure
用户已删除评论 The politics should be discarded.  Why would IGN matter?  IGN has 1 vote (per staff).  They are what.. 100 at best.  We are in the millions.
The politics should be discarded.  Why would IGN matter?  IGN has 1 vote (per staff).  They are what.. 100 at best.  We are in the millions.
I love elden ring, it’s one of my favorite games ever, but I don’t really think dlc should qualify for game of the year agree but the dlc could have been a game in itself tbh. though that’s just typical fromsoftware underpromising and  giving us more than we asked for in a good way A DLC should not be judged as GOTY.  It's naturally going to be judged as a DLC instead of a full game. DLC's can be good, better than some full games, but people are going to naturally be more lax on a DLC thanba game. you can't play the dlc alone, you need the based game therefore it's not an actual "game" I agree with you but I think that says more about other game developers than it does about SotE. The fact that a DLC was (in my opinion) by far the best content released this year really shows how other game companies are just falling behind. Only one on this list that comes close for me is BMW but thats because its the only other game I played this year. But even then, if SotE was exactly the same but as a standalone game, it 100% wins Agreed. Wukong has my vote hands down
agree but the dlc could have been a game in itself tbh. though that’s just typical fromsoftware underpromising and  giving us more than we asked for in a good way A DLC should not be judged as GOTY.  It's naturally going to be judged as a DLC instead of a full game. DLC's can be good, better than some full games, but people are going to naturally be more lax on a DLC thanba game. you can't play the dlc alone, you need the based game therefore it's not an actual "game"
A DLC should not be judged as GOTY.  It's naturally going to be judged as a DLC instead of a full game. DLC's can be good, better than some full games, but people are going to naturally be more lax on a DLC thanba game.
you can't play the dlc alone, you need the based game therefore it's not an actual "game"
I agree with you but I think that says more about other game developers than it does about SotE. The fact that a DLC was (in my opinion) by far the best content released this year really shows how other game companies are just falling behind. Only one on this list that comes close for me is BMW but thats because its the only other game I played this year. But even then, if SotE was exactly the same but as a standalone game, it 100% wins
Agreed. Wukong has my vote hands down
We know what to do guys. We all understand the assignment.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Apollo9819 点赞: 24 时间: 2024-11-18T20:35:02.335000+0000 内容: Hopefully China will rally with us to get BM:W GoTY. 🤣 Audience only counts for 10% voting power…
Audience only counts for 10% voting power…
Voting for BMW!!!
Vote now mfs!!!
Elden ring us literally on it's way to make a double kill. But I hope my monkey win.
Still can’t believe a dlc is on there
let’s go
Dreamcastguy said this lineup sucks! He’s a loser, BLACK MYTH ALL DAYYY.
Let's vote for our monkey king and spread the word!
From Software is my favorite game studio and I loved Elden Ring SOTE, but Black Myth Wukong deserves the win here: it felt so unique and epic 🤩
Good luck. Tough challenge since game media takes up 90% of the vote.
Already voted on my end. 10% is 10%...
I hope it wins, it's so fricking good!
You deserve it. More than all the games in the category. Call me bias, but the experience is one of a kind💯 Absolutely. It was a huge breath of fresh air in the market
Absolutely. It was a huge breath of fresh air in the market
Deserved. I would have put Stellar Blade instead of Balatro tho. For me FF7 still takes pretty much everything.
If wukong doesn't win wow. All for elden ring but dlc should not be on the list ever.
Ooooh does it mean live music on stage?
Wukong has a very tough competition this time. Elden ring dlc and final fantasy. I'm definitely voting for man wukong.
We already know it's the best game of the year
I voted. 🗳️ probably the most important since US elections
Why is Shadow of the Erdtree on this list? It's an amazing DLC that rivals actual base games of many others, but it's still a DLC of an already amazing game. That spot should be for another game that came out.
Wait, I thought DLCs couldn’t be game of the year?
BMW game of the year!
Shadow of the erdtree winning, not that i think it deserves it Idk as someone who loves elden ring and has 500 hours in it compared to 80 in wukong, Wukong has my vote and it isn’t close
Idk as someone who loves elden ring and has 500 hours in it compared to 80 in wukong, Wukong has my vote and it isn’t close
Most stacked GoTY nomination list since 2017.
I was so surprised to see it! It’s the game with the lowest Metacritic score to be nominated for The Game Awards GOTY in its 11 years. It’s a great game but knowing that I wasn’t holding my breath for it get a nomination
Why it wasn't nominated in best music? Because the music wasn't inclusive enough.  Need to be hip-hop like Assassin Creed shadow.
Because the music wasn't inclusive enough.  Need to be hip-hop like Assassin Creed shadow.
Finally beat this behemoth of a game yesterday with the true ending. I can only imagine how great it’ll be when they fix the performance and add a pro patch. Looking forward to the DLC
If it doesn’t win I’m gonna be mad
Wow 🎉 I really hope it wins.
🥳
It's definitely a unique and amazing game, totally deserved!
I have played Elden ring DLC and wukong. Love both of them but will still vote for Wukong, because it is so freakin amazing.
(Elden Ring and Black Myth Wukong spoilers ahead) After I beat Radahn I watched a cutscene and the entire DLC was over. After I beat Erlang I got the most insane, cinematic experience I’ve ever had in single player games in a long time. I know ER’s strengths are in its build variety and combat mechanics, but compared to Wukong it really lacks in presentation. For me, personally, this little difference in managing player expectations makes a world of difference, which is why I will vote for Wukong as GOTY.
thanks for the link i voted
I voted all Wukong 😂
I've been mentioning it everywhere this is being discussed that Black Myth Wukong is not getting anywhere near the respect it deserves. We can only hope it wins as it is by far the most deserving.
By far my favorite game this year.
Black Myth Wukong lesss goooooooo
How is a dlc nominated for game of the year? No hate I love fromsoft but I just don’t get it.
I love Elden ring but Wukong has to sweep this
BMW elevates what a game can be.  GOTY for sure
At least it’s up for nomination for GOTY and some other categories. I really wanted it for the best score and music  nomination.
Why is Elden Ring in there, it's a DLC ffs
It was snubbed of a best narrative nomination too. Disappointed but ill take it. I already voted for it in every other category though, especially art direction!
What upsets me is that DLCs and Remasters are being nominated as Game of the Year. They should have their own separate sections, like "Best DLC" and "Best Remaster".
In order to play the DLC you have to meet certain circumstances so I don’t think it should qualify as GOTY just IMO
Let's Monkeeee!!!! I'm just glad that it got nominated and it deserves it, One of my all time favorites.
Oh FINALLY.
Polygon just put out an article bashing the game. They called it repetitive and brought up misogyny and called it the lowest rated game to ever be nominated for GOTY.   I hope it wins although Monke has no need for awards.
Don't forget gamer vote effect only 10% of their score. 90% came from games journal. which look not fair to me.
Voted
They must have been absolutely seething to have to include it.
At least we can listen to its beautiful soundtrack composed into the goty orchestra now. I think i might cry over this...
Done and dusted.
All this Chinese bashing online makes me sick. Black myth is absolutely the game of the year.
Black Myth Wukong fans going to vote
Okay is Rebirth really this good, I played and finished Remake as a lover of the OG FF7 but some parts of it felt so draggy that I felt Rebirth would be more of the same and marring my memory of the OG.. Should I try Rebirth or is this nomination one big nostalgia bomb? Short version?  You definitely should play it if you could, its a great game in general and a even better game for FF fans, however, I enjoyed Black Myth Wukong a little more because it delivered an one of a kind experience for me. While Rebirth was wonderful, story wise, it was more of a review and then some for people who played the first (obvious updated and with twists).  The open world system is one of the best IMO, I thoroughly enjoy it and thought it was very well-crafted.  The combat of Rebirth improved alot from Remake, but its also very overwhelming as they try to throw 800 different ways to attack at you in such a short amount of time.  And the mini-games, could've been better handle by making them more optional, but too many of them were just on your face kind of situation, definitely the worst thing of Rebirth. This is all coming from a huge FF fan.  I've played every single FF games that came out since FF6, usually during launch, this includes the more niche titles such as crystal series, and World of Final Fantasy.  I played FF14 since ARR til EW spending over thousand of hours raiding.  I'm fine with either winning, but if I have to choose?  I'm taking Wukong. Rebirth is really really good I definitely recommend it nominated or not.
Short version?  You definitely should play it if you could, its a great game in general and a even better game for FF fans, however, I enjoyed Black Myth Wukong a little more because it delivered an one of a kind experience for me. While Rebirth was wonderful, story wise, it was more of a review and then some for people who played the first (obvious updated and with twists).  The open world system is one of the best IMO, I thoroughly enjoy it and thought it was very well-crafted.  The combat of Rebirth improved alot from Remake, but its also very overwhelming as they try to throw 800 different ways to attack at you in such a short amount of time.  And the mini-games, could've been better handle by making them more optional, but too many of them were just on your face kind of situation, definitely the worst thing of Rebirth. This is all coming from a huge FF fan.  I've played every single FF games that came out since FF6, usually during launch, this includes the more niche titles such as crystal series, and World of Final Fantasy.  I played FF14 since ARR til EW spending over thousand of hours raiding.  I'm fine with either winning, but if I have to choose?  I'm taking Wukong.
Rebirth is really really good I definitely recommend it nominated or not.
Finally can you mfs calm the fuck down already. Some of yall acting like the world was going to end if it didnt get nominated.
DLC and rebirth over there is dumb af ngl
Nice! I worried ER would push it out after they added the DLC caveat. Going to vote now.
Wait how did balatro become goty nominee? I never played it but is it actually that good?
Don’t think it’ll win but it deserves to be there. A brilliant game
Ok, now who paid for ff7 to be up there instead of Baldur's Gate?
I don't know why it is not nominated for the Best Music? Its music are easily the best of the year.
Wukong and Balatro are for sure the games I’ve enjoyed the most this year.
hope it wins bc running against a dlc is sick
Balatro being on there is actually so cool. It's 100% not gonna win, but they deserve every ounce of praise regardless
If black myth doesnt win i hope its FF cause im tired of ER 😅
I need to play final fantasy and metaphor. Very happy with the others. Wukong and astrobot especially
If this or elden ring sote win, I'll be celebrating, if astro bot wins, that'll be cool as hell, if final fantasy wins, then that'll just be a bit boring
I can't figure the page out to vote. Definitely game of the year.
Honestly metaphor should win it.
it's all rigged they changed rules so late for Elden ring DLC. They never had rules against it. They just clarified it. It’s whoever the jury votes for No rules got changed No rules changed, dlc have been allowed for years The rules haven’t been changed. If anything they’ve been clarified
They never had rules against it. They just clarified it. It’s whoever the jury votes for
No rules got changed
No rules changed, dlc have been allowed for years
The rules haven’t been changed. If anything they’ve been clarified
用户已删除评论 Ik it’s just a dlc
Ik it’s just a dlc
did I just see A DLC in this list? what's wrong with these guys……
Final fantasy might win but Wukong deserves it more. Don't care who says what. It IS a masterpiece.
Imagine giving a rats ass about the game awards. One of em is a DLC lol. I am amazed that anyone gives a hoot about these awards after checking up on previous "winners".
I was holding my breath praying that wukong doesn’t get screwed. I couldn’t find where to vote so if someone finds it please send. Wukong not winning wouldn’t be “them getting screwed”. If you approach it with that attitude you’re just asking to be disappointed. All of these are great games with just as strong fanbases, all have a good shot of winning.
Wukong not winning wouldn’t be “them getting screwed”. If you approach it with that attitude you’re just asking to be disappointed. All of these are great games with just as strong fanbases, all have a good shot of winning.
Balatro? Really? I mean, I'm glad that an indie game made it, but this one really did not keep me hooked for long. Maybe it's just you, it's overwhelmingly positive on steam for a reason
Maybe it's just you, it's overwhelmingly positive on steam for a reason
If there's any DLC worth losing to, at least it's one that's about 60-70% the size of the base game.
If it doesn’t win we riot There is no "we", the other games also deserve it.
There is no "we", the other games also deserve it.
I love wukong but I'm okay with Astrobot wins (only to boost Sony's confidence in making more platformers, iirc the game didn't sell that much).
Took 50+ tries to kill big baby.
Balatro is fun and all but... seriously?
Wait.. How did it get nominated? Isn't there some sort of conspiratorial plot to push this game down? Something about China and whatnot?
I don't think Wukong will win consider the judges. They put Wukong there for the viewership. Ff7 Rebirth combat gameplay are largely the same as Remake which got snub in previous year Game Awards. If it won,Game Award will lost its  credibility.
This was such a fun game!! I personally have never played anything like this so I had a lot of fun.😆
I don't Fking care if it can win because I know they won't award a game with an average score of 81 for MC, I only care about the final music, and that will definitely be epic at this TGA.
Wukong vs Shadow of Erdtree would be a tight battle
Damn. Really need to get around to playing Metaphor...
Are we able to vote now ??
I’ll get downvoted but I vote for SotE. Perfect dlc
Thank goodness. I hope it wins, although if it loses, I don't really mind. BM: Wukong doesn't need a reward to win, and the Game Rewards are rigged anyways, LMAO.
Black myth wukong about to get beat by some DLC lmao Imagine call Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree “some DLC” lmao 🤣 😂
Imagine call Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree “some DLC” lmao 🤣 😂
Very surprised and happy!
Sorry monkey, gotta stay true to the Golden Order here.
I’m actually super surprised that BMW, Stellar Blade and Space Marines 2 didn’t get snubbed… actually very excited now to watch TGA.
But I thought it only got a 7 and dragon age was scored a 9????
If astrobot, a remake, a dlc and a mobile game win over a 40hr epic like wukong i quit
I'm enjoying Black Myth but Elden Ring is better in every category.
Game deserves it esp the devs of this game.
See, I enjoyed the game, but the ending wasn't what I was hoping for
I would bet that is as far as those cowards are willing to go.
Actually hard choice for once wtf
Guys, 10% votes for users and 90% by jury vote. This is a farce
I'll vote for wukong, but I'm pretty sure astrobot is gonna win. Deservedly so.
Let’s vote!
I already sent my vote.
Good.. honestly thought they were going to ignore it.. it's my game of the year for sure
It’s also been nominated for the most broken controllers from rage 🤣🤣🤣😅
it's up against  a heavy hitter in elden ring dlc. i hope it wins
Deserved. But no stellar blade… lol, I figured they didn’t had the balls
LETS GOO!!!
It is imo.
Black myth should get it fr, its had the hype and it delivered
Balatro🔥🔥
Elden Ring with or without Scadutree, is just basically the same as the main game. So I dont think it should win game of the year but prolly deserve some other award on the dlc. Too bad Stellar Blade wasnt up here tho but then again the game is a bit too short and just went with collabs that didnt really add much to the game. Just costumes. Prolly what Wukong could have the upper hand here is the end chapter cinematics, Spirit Transformation and a great adaptation of JttW... but it is easily comparable to God of War in terms to mechanics like skill upgrades, bosses, armor selection.
Except it’s up against Elden Ring 2 which was amazing too. Yes it was a DLC but if it’s eligible it’s my GoY.
I have heard of all of these except the Metaphor game. What’s that about? Do people here recommend it?
Voted!
Wow they actually swallowed their pride and put them in the running. Doubt they'll actually give Game Science the W they rightfully deserve.
Along with a dlc from Elden ring!
that's unexpected
They already black listed the game now all the backlash they ad gotten they had to put it there just so it still won’t win
Balatro is part of the nomination?  Must be chosen for the awesome graphic, great story, and revolutionary gameplay.
I havnt even heard of 3 of these games.
And they will never win because it is decided by a panel of activists with 90% weightage.
DLC shouldn't be GOTY eligible. It's an extension of an existing game that you have to own to play. Kinda convenient they changed the rules this year.
I mean this is the first game where the message behind the game interested me , the true ending and wukongs pursuit for freedom,the lore man almost brings a tear to my eyes,100% game of the year just for the story telling
While I love this game to death, I still think it has a solid number of flaws (They aren't game breaking!) that prevent it from really reaching that GOTY title.
Would you guys consider Elden Ring dlc a full game experience? Like, even though i heard it’s harder, does that make it longer than the based game?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: m4dm4xxx 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-19T04:38:30.272000+0000 内容: First souls game i ever platinumed just because i loved it that much
Elden ring shouldn’t have won goty and neither should sote Y the hate for Elden Ring? I agree for SOTE can't be nominated but the base game too?
Y the hate for Elden Ring? I agree for SOTE can't be nominated but the base game too?
I love this game so much, but if you think this deserves game of the year... i really don't know what to tell you
I enjoyed BMW so much and i got the platinum , but i truly believe FFvii Rebirth will win this.
Wtf is Balatro?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: hasibk01 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-19T06:37:25.255000+0000 内容: As expected.
Getting Nominated is already good. It means the game has been recognise as an excellent game.
YES MY FAVORITE 👍🥰
Gosh I hope it wins! It's best deserved!
Deff my favourite from the list
Based on principal of the award I want black myth wukong to win or get more votes than shadow because it’s a dlc, but now it’s a real question of quality over quantity. Messmer the impaler is maybe the best boss of the decade so far so who knows what will happen.
Monke will always be GOTY in my heart 💕
I mean if it doesn't win ...the game awards will be trolled hard.  Ones a dlc bro.
no one deserves it more then Wukong. cast your votes!
Well deserved
Fuck yeah it has!
It's funny. The day the of the awards is the same day that black myth wukong Kong comes out on physical release.
Voted for it for goty and art direction
Elden ring dlc in Goty will rob it unfortunately
Mmmmmmhhh monkeh gheme best gheme Apes togheter strong
Robbery if this game doesn’t win GOTY
