Honestly, came in clutch with so many boss fights. Even after getting Ebon Flow or Azure Dome, I just couldn't bring myself to change it up. ================================================================================  评论列表:
don't forget the head-butting kesaya-chanting crying baby track me Absolutely, can't beat the nice little chunk of boss health going away after a good shadow clone dogpile and then smash. So I wasn’t being creative when I came up with that? Dangit Monkeys strong together I ditched pluck of many once I started NG+ lol that spell felt too useless to me for its cost. How so? Just because it was overkill or because your other abilities were better? Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start. Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent. I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style. I did too but I haven't tried the multimonke smash yet.  The life saving strand brings back azure dome and doesn't spend normal strand, although i havent had to use the normal life saving strand yet. I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show. Pluck of many+ring of fire and upgraded pilgrim set can take down most bosses in 3 or 4 charged hits A Pluck of Many is a double edged sword when you realize that any boss would switch to wild AoE attacks once you activate the skill. Plus the casting animation is too slow. Life Saving Strand has more utility. That’s the start of a Naruto fanfic I saw. I wound up using it as a signature execute for my whole NG+ and I love it so much hahaha. Nothing more entertaining than getting that babby smash in for the big finish Man, i might only be in chapter 3, but already found loads of spirits, but cant get myself to use anything else but our lil headbutty boi. Its just so satisfying to BONK. From what I’ve seen you’ll be using him the whole game, as I have so far. Not sure there’s a better combo than fire dog and big head baby For transformations, yes there are a few that can be better depending on situation. For spirits, I tested Apramana bat some because it generally freezes the enemy and gets you a free immobilize. I also used Top Takes Bottom, Bottom Takes Top on Erlang because it’s harder to miss with than Wandering Wight. Nothing triggered me more than getting a spirit off and then missing it. Non able is crazy good and gives you free stuns. He became a permanent part of my moveset. I think once you’re in ch3 a bit, the wight isn’t worth it as much. The headbutt and added defense is ok but other transformations/benefits are just as good or better. there are, they're not viable against all enemies Which is absolutely INCREDIBLY disappointing given how many other options you get for both the Spirit and transformation. A definite serious flaw in the  game. Im on my 5th playthrough and its all ive really used too. You take real damage during those transformations so I want it to be quick. I usually start off the fight with immobilize and then light combo to the point before the last strike and then hit the head butt and the combo finisher right after. It works to well together I cant get rid of it lol Lmao I thought I came up with that move I didn't know incould finish the light combo after the head butt! Kill all the frog bosses, and you’ll quickly change your mind. There’s also the spirit that increases attack that slaps really hard, and the Earth Wolf spirit is insane when it’s maxed. The Wight spirit is good for learning the game, but most of the other boss spirits are better for play styles. Frog is how I beat Erlang fairly quickly Edit: The worst part is the rng involved but they’re all pretty good Are there other mythical spirits?  I have plenty to upgrade but haven't tried yet. Everything else starts to get useful if you make a specific build e.g to proc Lightning or Poison, or to minmax a certain attribute 99% of the game it was Mr wight.  I used the arapyma(??) Bat at the end boss though.  Nice freezes. Oh yeah, that guy is the BEST I've upgraded this spirit and the tiger acolyte. Both are very useful. Walking white been been my only summon the whole game that +20 def is crucial Blue Thanos carried me through rough times, but the frost-spilling crow is my favourite by a long shot. this for sure. He gives defense and probably has the highest chunk damage of any of the summons. Then u max defense on celestial medicines chefs kiss. U can go toe to toe with any boss Trust me on this.upgrade the earth would instead. The damage isn't as good, but not much worse either. But it also has a much farther reach than the crying baby, the extra focus is better than the defense from the mid game on.
Absolutely, can't beat the nice little chunk of boss health going away after a good shadow clone dogpile and then smash. So I wasn’t being creative when I came up with that? Dangit Monkeys strong together I ditched pluck of many once I started NG+ lol that spell felt too useless to me for its cost. How so? Just because it was overkill or because your other abilities were better? Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start. Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent. I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style. I did too but I haven't tried the multimonke smash yet.  The life saving strand brings back azure dome and doesn't spend normal strand, although i havent had to use the normal life saving strand yet. I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show. Pluck of many+ring of fire and upgraded pilgrim set can take down most bosses in 3 or 4 charged hits A Pluck of Many is a double edged sword when you realize that any boss would switch to wild AoE attacks once you activate the skill. Plus the casting animation is too slow. Life Saving Strand has more utility. That’s the start of a Naruto fanfic I saw. I wound up using it as a signature execute for my whole NG+ and I love it so much hahaha. Nothing more entertaining than getting that babby smash in for the big finish
So I wasn’t being creative when I came up with that? Dangit Monkeys strong together I ditched pluck of many once I started NG+ lol that spell felt too useless to me for its cost. How so? Just because it was overkill or because your other abilities were better? Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start. Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent. I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style. I did too but I haven't tried the multimonke smash yet.  The life saving strand brings back azure dome and doesn't spend normal strand, although i havent had to use the normal life saving strand yet. I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show. Pluck of many+ring of fire and upgraded pilgrim set can take down most bosses in 3 or 4 charged hits A Pluck of Many is a double edged sword when you realize that any boss would switch to wild AoE attacks once you activate the skill. Plus the casting animation is too slow. Life Saving Strand has more utility.
Monkeys strong together I ditched pluck of many once I started NG+ lol that spell felt too useless to me for its cost. How so? Just because it was overkill or because your other abilities were better? Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start. Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent. I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style. I did too but I haven't tried the multimonke smash yet.  The life saving strand brings back azure dome and doesn't spend normal strand, although i havent had to use the normal life saving strand yet. I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show. Pluck of many+ring of fire and upgraded pilgrim set can take down most bosses in 3 or 4 charged hits A Pluck of Many is a double edged sword when you realize that any boss would switch to wild AoE attacks once you activate the skill. Plus the casting animation is too slow. Life Saving Strand has more utility.
I ditched pluck of many once I started NG+ lol that spell felt too useless to me for its cost. How so? Just because it was overkill or because your other abilities were better? Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start. Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent. I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style. I did too but I haven't tried the multimonke smash yet.  The life saving strand brings back azure dome and doesn't spend normal strand, although i havent had to use the normal life saving strand yet. I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show. Pluck of many+ring of fire and upgraded pilgrim set can take down most bosses in 3 or 4 charged hits A Pluck of Many is a double edged sword when you realize that any boss would switch to wild AoE attacks once you activate the skill. Plus the casting animation is too slow. Life Saving Strand has more utility.
How so? Just because it was overkill or because your other abilities were better? Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start. Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent. I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style.
Ok so I gotta finally speak up. I find pluck of many sucks. I had it maxed and found myself constantly being blocked by my own clones. They hardly ever use the immobilize or other abilities ( a few times here and there and it is nice, but too inconsistent for my play style). Note I don't have the 6th relic yet. So no 9+ charged heavies yet lol, will update when I get there. Honestly I find just patient light combos and a well placed cloud step 3 point heavy followed by wind tamer for stun and earth wolf for damage + stun does the job in most cases for an easy rinse and repeat. But pluck of many throws any and all rhythm off for me. Not saying the ability itself is bad. Just finally sharing the viewpoint of someone who feels actively hindered by maxed pluck of many. I'll take a fully charged ebon flow any day. Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+ Fair enough! This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol
Mostly agree, but Pluck of Many managed to save my ass and finished off Yellow Loong for me I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol
I managed to chain a combo with them and eat like 70% HP off that orb-faced Captain
Yellow long was rough so honestly it would be my top skill too if it carried me through him lol Ebon flow and thrust stance abuse pulled me through lol
Wait till you get that coveted 6th relic. 4 focus points + a gang of clones = wukong smash! Deletes health bars in NG+
Fair enough!
This comment shows me people didn’t utilize it properly lol
I don't wanna mansplain but I feel like I  gotta get up in the comments here and be like...pluck of many fucking sucks. My first playthrough I was waiting for the ENTIRE game for another choice over it. Anything, I didn't care what it was, just anything else that could be of even minimal assistance to me. Because all that ability does is hinder the rhythm of the fight. See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start.
See, for me it's been super helpful. Gets a good chunk of the boss down at the start.
Pluck is really situational, some bosses invalidates it with high mobility/hard hitting aoes. On certain bosses a pluck could delete its entire health bar, but for some other bosses pluck does really little while eating up a LOT of mana. Its inconsistent.
I just don’t like pluck of many. It costs too much mana, and doesn’t always deliver. At least life saving strand delivers every time it’s used, and doesn’t use mana. Like it’s a good ability, but it doesn’t fit my fighting style.
I did too but I haven't tried the multimonke smash yet.  The life saving strand brings back azure dome and doesn't spend normal strand, although i havent had to use the normal life saving strand yet. I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show.
I haven’t died yet with the life saving strand either, but I like it because it gives me less spells to worry about, and more mana for ROF and rock solid. I rarely use ROF as it is, so I have plenty of mana for rock solid, which is my favorite spell in the game. I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show.
I just died but didn't have it equipped... I had pluck but right before I died i used a remigration pill... stupid scorpion lord.  I got him right after revival.  First true death in NG+, I guess. Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show.
Also, if you skip scorpion lord and go directly to Duskveil, scorpion lord should help fight him for you. You just have to do a little fighting yourself, then just watch the show.
Pluck of many+ring of fire and upgraded pilgrim set can take down most bosses in 3 or 4 charged hits
A Pluck of Many is a double edged sword when you realize that any boss would switch to wild AoE attacks once you activate the skill. Plus the casting animation is too slow. Life Saving Strand has more utility.
That’s the start of a Naruto fanfic I saw.
I wound up using it as a signature execute for my whole NG+ and I love it so much hahaha. Nothing more entertaining than getting that babby smash in for the big finish
Man, i might only be in chapter 3, but already found loads of spirits, but cant get myself to use anything else but our lil headbutty boi. Its just so satisfying to BONK. From what I’ve seen you’ll be using him the whole game, as I have so far. Not sure there’s a better combo than fire dog and big head baby For transformations, yes there are a few that can be better depending on situation. For spirits, I tested Apramana bat some because it generally freezes the enemy and gets you a free immobilize. I also used Top Takes Bottom, Bottom Takes Top on Erlang because it’s harder to miss with than Wandering Wight. Nothing triggered me more than getting a spirit off and then missing it. Non able is crazy good and gives you free stuns. He became a permanent part of my moveset. I think once you’re in ch3 a bit, the wight isn’t worth it as much. The headbutt and added defense is ok but other transformations/benefits are just as good or better. there are, they're not viable against all enemies Which is absolutely INCREDIBLY disappointing given how many other options you get for both the Spirit and transformation. A definite serious flaw in the  game. Im on my 5th playthrough and its all ive really used too. You take real damage during those transformations so I want it to be quick. I usually start off the fight with immobilize and then light combo to the point before the last strike and then hit the head butt and the combo finisher right after. It works to well together I cant get rid of it lol Lmao I thought I came up with that move I didn't know incould finish the light combo after the head butt! Kill all the frog bosses, and you’ll quickly change your mind. There’s also the spirit that increases attack that slaps really hard, and the Earth Wolf spirit is insane when it’s maxed. The Wight spirit is good for learning the game, but most of the other boss spirits are better for play styles. Frog is how I beat Erlang fairly quickly Edit: The worst part is the rng involved but they’re all pretty good Are there other mythical spirits?  I have plenty to upgrade but haven't tried yet. Everything else starts to get useful if you make a specific build e.g to proc Lightning or Poison, or to minmax a certain attribute 99% of the game it was Mr wight.  I used the arapyma(??) Bat at the end boss though.  Nice freezes.
From what I’ve seen you’ll be using him the whole game, as I have so far. Not sure there’s a better combo than fire dog and big head baby For transformations, yes there are a few that can be better depending on situation. For spirits, I tested Apramana bat some because it generally freezes the enemy and gets you a free immobilize. I also used Top Takes Bottom, Bottom Takes Top on Erlang because it’s harder to miss with than Wandering Wight. Nothing triggered me more than getting a spirit off and then missing it. Non able is crazy good and gives you free stuns. He became a permanent part of my moveset. I think once you’re in ch3 a bit, the wight isn’t worth it as much. The headbutt and added defense is ok but other transformations/benefits are just as good or better. there are, they're not viable against all enemies Which is absolutely INCREDIBLY disappointing given how many other options you get for both the Spirit and transformation. A definite serious flaw in the  game.
For transformations, yes there are a few that can be better depending on situation. For spirits, I tested Apramana bat some because it generally freezes the enemy and gets you a free immobilize. I also used Top Takes Bottom, Bottom Takes Top on Erlang because it’s harder to miss with than Wandering Wight. Nothing triggered me more than getting a spirit off and then missing it. Non able is crazy good and gives you free stuns. He became a permanent part of my moveset. I think once you’re in ch3 a bit, the wight isn’t worth it as much. The headbutt and added defense is ok but other transformations/benefits are just as good or better.
Non able is crazy good and gives you free stuns. He became a permanent part of my moveset. I think once you’re in ch3 a bit, the wight isn’t worth it as much. The headbutt and added defense is ok but other transformations/benefits are just as good or better.
there are, they're not viable against all enemies
Which is absolutely INCREDIBLY disappointing given how many other options you get for both the Spirit and transformation. A definite serious flaw in the  game.
Im on my 5th playthrough and its all ive really used too. You take real damage during those transformations so I want it to be quick. I usually start off the fight with immobilize and then light combo to the point before the last strike and then hit the head butt and the combo finisher right after. It works to well together I cant get rid of it lol Lmao I thought I came up with that move I didn't know incould finish the light combo after the head butt!
Lmao I thought I came up with that move I didn't know incould finish the light combo after the head butt!
I didn't know incould finish the light combo after the head butt!
Kill all the frog bosses, and you’ll quickly change your mind. There’s also the spirit that increases attack that slaps really hard, and the Earth Wolf spirit is insane when it’s maxed. The Wight spirit is good for learning the game, but most of the other boss spirits are better for play styles. Frog is how I beat Erlang fairly quickly Edit: The worst part is the rng involved but they’re all pretty good Are there other mythical spirits?  I have plenty to upgrade but haven't tried yet.
Frog is how I beat Erlang fairly quickly Edit: The worst part is the rng involved but they’re all pretty good Are there other mythical spirits?  I have plenty to upgrade but haven't tried yet.
Are there other mythical spirits?  I have plenty to upgrade but haven't tried yet.
Everything else starts to get useful if you make a specific build e.g to proc Lightning or Poison, or to minmax a certain attribute
99% of the game it was Mr wight.  I used the arapyma(??) Bat at the end boss though.  Nice freezes.
Oh yeah, that guy is the BEST
I've upgraded this spirit and the tiger acolyte. Both are very useful.
Walking white been been my only summon the whole game that +20 def is crucial
Blue Thanos carried me through rough times, but the frost-spilling crow is my favourite by a long shot.
this for sure. He gives defense and probably has the highest chunk damage of any of the summons. Then u max defense on celestial medicines chefs kiss. U can go toe to toe with any boss
Trust me on this.upgrade the earth would instead. The damage isn't as good, but not much worse either. But it also has a much farther reach than the crying baby, the extra focus is better than the defense from the mid game on.
Yeah i am using him too , his dodge heavy attak does a lot of demage All variations EAT!
All variations EAT!
90% of the game for me, coz i used stone monkey on broken shell and azure dust on erlang Bingo, this guy was the goat until stone monkey stone monkey is insane saved me so many times I don't know what I'm doing wrong then, monke mode to me, against the mantis, was atrocious. I barely got a few hits in, my health went down like crazy and the skills weren't much help (again, mostly since I couldn't get the focus up). Personally, golden lining has carried me through the game.  The insanely OP parry is very helpful The design of big monke mode is that he’s you, but enhanced. So the best way to play the guy is to play him as you normally would in smol monke mode. Dodge, use spells when needed, charge focus and bonk. Also, birthstone fragment is good with Ice shower and Lava bath.
Bingo, this guy was the goat until stone monkey
stone monkey is insane saved me so many times I don't know what I'm doing wrong then, monke mode to me, against the mantis, was atrocious. I barely got a few hits in, my health went down like crazy and the skills weren't much help (again, mostly since I couldn't get the focus up). Personally, golden lining has carried me through the game.  The insanely OP parry is very helpful The design of big monke mode is that he’s you, but enhanced. So the best way to play the guy is to play him as you normally would in smol monke mode. Dodge, use spells when needed, charge focus and bonk. Also, birthstone fragment is good with Ice shower and Lava bath.
I don't know what I'm doing wrong then, monke mode to me, against the mantis, was atrocious. I barely got a few hits in, my health went down like crazy and the skills weren't much help (again, mostly since I couldn't get the focus up). Personally, golden lining has carried me through the game.  The insanely OP parry is very helpful The design of big monke mode is that he’s you, but enhanced. So the best way to play the guy is to play him as you normally would in smol monke mode. Dodge, use spells when needed, charge focus and bonk. Also, birthstone fragment is good with Ice shower and Lava bath.
The design of big monke mode is that he’s you, but enhanced. So the best way to play the guy is to play him as you normally would in smol monke mode. Dodge, use spells when needed, charge focus and bonk. Also, birthstone fragment is good with Ice shower and Lava bath.
whenever I transform into him the music is HYPE! Sometimes I wish the music didn't change
Sometimes I wish the music didn't change
Yep. And yellow loong is an upgraded version with lightening instead of fire. Both have similar attacks. Agile and deadly. Except that Loong plays so much more smoothly than like every other transformation. He's so slithery and wiggly I love it I’ve never been a fan of the fast transformations. My favorites have always been (from best to least) the horse guai, azure dust, ebon flow, and the two headed rat dude. Macaque chief is alright at times, but the rest of them I couldn’t really care for. yellow loong's gameplay is so much different than this. u can easily build the guage for the big dodge heavy attack with this guy by just hitting light attacks. for yellow loong, u have to "see through" an attack 3 times to build up the 3 focus points. i know skill issue but i didn't like it, i wanna go ham while transformed not have to focus on parrying. I feel this for some bosses, but for others Yellow Loong is just way more survivable so does more damage in aggregate. Yellow loong is the true goat. Being able to see through and not take damage with him is so nice.
Except that Loong plays so much more smoothly than like every other transformation. He's so slithery and wiggly I love it I’ve never been a fan of the fast transformations. My favorites have always been (from best to least) the horse guai, azure dust, ebon flow, and the two headed rat dude. Macaque chief is alright at times, but the rest of them I couldn’t really care for.
I’ve never been a fan of the fast transformations. My favorites have always been (from best to least) the horse guai, azure dust, ebon flow, and the two headed rat dude. Macaque chief is alright at times, but the rest of them I couldn’t really care for.
yellow loong's gameplay is so much different than this. u can easily build the guage for the big dodge heavy attack with this guy by just hitting light attacks. for yellow loong, u have to "see through" an attack 3 times to build up the 3 focus points. i know skill issue but i didn't like it, i wanna go ham while transformed not have to focus on parrying. I feel this for some bosses, but for others Yellow Loong is just way more survivable so does more damage in aggregate.
I feel this for some bosses, but for others Yellow Loong is just way more survivable so does more damage in aggregate.
Yellow loong is the true goat. Being able to see through and not take damage with him is so nice.
should try the macaque chief, still think thats the best transform. Does so much dmg if you get the frost talents. Horse face killah too. That lightening whip is legit. I have to try him, I’m running lightning build atm which has been fun but using golden lining transform. Tbh I’m not impressed he does way less dmg than macaque even with 3 focus jump thing. Have you been pressing the 3 focus thing 3 times back to back to back? Heavy attack* Yea it’s still nowhere near the dmg for time cost of macaque but it’s cool to use The horse is better than the loong, because you can stagger your opponent for a decent amount of time. If you like parrying though, you can’t beat the loong. Horse Bro is absolute meta transformation considering Wukong used to work as celestial horse rancher. Horse Face Killah, sounds like a Wu Tang member Yellow Loong carries HARD in chapter 5/6 too. If im not mistaken, his transformation is also the lowest CD. Ive been able to transform into him 2-3 times per fight whereas Guangzhi only seems to give me one albeit i did not do extensive testing On some of the longer fights, if you start with Gaungzhi really early, you can manage a second right at the end, but I think I’ve only managed it on 2 bosses and I’m about 2/3 through chapter 3 I used him to help me to beat the scorpion lord ! The absolute goat transformation
Horse face killah too. That lightening whip is legit. I have to try him, I’m running lightning build atm which has been fun but using golden lining transform. Tbh I’m not impressed he does way less dmg than macaque even with 3 focus jump thing. Have you been pressing the 3 focus thing 3 times back to back to back? Heavy attack* Yea it’s still nowhere near the dmg for time cost of macaque but it’s cool to use The horse is better than the loong, because you can stagger your opponent for a decent amount of time. If you like parrying though, you can’t beat the loong. Horse Bro is absolute meta transformation considering Wukong used to work as celestial horse rancher. Horse Face Killah, sounds like a Wu Tang member Yellow Loong carries HARD in chapter 5/6 too.
I have to try him, I’m running lightning build atm which has been fun but using golden lining transform. Tbh I’m not impressed he does way less dmg than macaque even with 3 focus jump thing. Have you been pressing the 3 focus thing 3 times back to back to back? Heavy attack* Yea it’s still nowhere near the dmg for time cost of macaque but it’s cool to use The horse is better than the loong, because you can stagger your opponent for a decent amount of time. If you like parrying though, you can’t beat the loong.
Have you been pressing the 3 focus thing 3 times back to back to back? Heavy attack* Yea it’s still nowhere near the dmg for time cost of macaque but it’s cool to use
Heavy attack*
Yea it’s still nowhere near the dmg for time cost of macaque but it’s cool to use
The horse is better than the loong, because you can stagger your opponent for a decent amount of time. If you like parrying though, you can’t beat the loong.
Horse Bro is absolute meta transformation considering Wukong used to work as celestial horse rancher.
Horse Face Killah, sounds like a Wu Tang member
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: RChamy 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-23T23:45:09.111000+0000 内容: Yellow Loong carries HARD in chapter 5/6 too.
If im not mistaken, his transformation is also the lowest CD. Ive been able to transform into him 2-3 times per fight whereas Guangzhi only seems to give me one albeit i did not do extensive testing On some of the longer fights, if you start with Gaungzhi really early, you can manage a second right at the end, but I think I’ve only managed it on 2 bosses and I’m about 2/3 through chapter 3
On some of the longer fights, if you start with Gaungzhi really early, you can manage a second right at the end, but I think I’ve only managed it on 2 bosses and I’m about 2/3 through chapter 3
I used him to help me to beat the scorpion lord !
The absolute goat transformation
Yellow loong was my only replacement for him until I got Stone Monkey at the end. Lightning horse was good too, but he was too bulky for my tastes. I found he got constantly interrupted where yellow loong is the same bane but way more agile.
Loved him. However , for yellow Loong and erlang I had to use azure dust to not take any electric damage I used Ebon Flow. Every attack staggered the poor fellow. His blocking is amazing without a doubt
I used Ebon Flow. Every attack staggered the poor fellow. His blocking is amazing without a doubt
His blocking is amazing without a doubt
Helped me finally  beat Yellow Loong
Yellow loong is OP for anyone like me who loves the resolute strike. His Focus heavy is insane I never use smash stance lol Gotta get up close and personal sometimes + smash stance gets the best exclusive animations for max charged heavies I know how it works, which is why I don’t like it. I much prefer the ability to sit on my stick when bosses do their long attack chains. I love thrust stance as well. I can use smash stance, and I do win many fights with it, but I hate everything about it.
I never use smash stance lol Gotta get up close and personal sometimes + smash stance gets the best exclusive animations for max charged heavies I know how it works, which is why I don’t like it. I much prefer the ability to sit on my stick when bosses do their long attack chains. I love thrust stance as well. I can use smash stance, and I do win many fights with it, but I hate everything about it.
Gotta get up close and personal sometimes + smash stance gets the best exclusive animations for max charged heavies I know how it works, which is why I don’t like it. I much prefer the ability to sit on my stick when bosses do their long attack chains. I love thrust stance as well. I can use smash stance, and I do win many fights with it, but I hate everything about it.
I know how it works, which is why I don’t like it. I much prefer the ability to sit on my stick when bosses do their long attack chains. I love thrust stance as well. I can use smash stance, and I do win many fights with it, but I hate everything about it.
Using Rock head has been a hilarious playthrough
广智救我!
I was a big Yin Tiger enjoyer as soon as I got him. Big sword tiger who's tanky as heck and does nice damage once transformed. I haven’t figured him out yet. Need to try again.
I haven’t figured him out yet. Need to try again.
He sucks. Yellow loong way better He got me through almost everyone. Switched to Yellow Loong when I got to Erlang. I wouldn't say he sucks. Yeah, Yellow Loong is OP too, lightning damage packs quite a punch doesn't suck but Yellow Loong is still better
He got me through almost everyone. Switched to Yellow Loong when I got to Erlang. I wouldn't say he sucks.
Yeah, Yellow Loong is OP too, lightning damage packs quite a punch
doesn't suck but Yellow Loong is still better
Stone monkey just so tanky for me plus health regen means i can use him for so long
Your first is always your most memorable. True story.
Yeah this guy helped me get through the Erlang fight. I watched Erlang burn to death and ravished it.
Honestly can’t believe they gave you the best spirit baby thanos and most versatile transformation in the game at start like only other transformations I used was azuras dust or whatever for erlang and yin tiger for yellow loong
Actual MVP in terms of bosses kills when I’ve got no heals and 10% health
There was one boss that would turn my clones on me!!  Only won that fight when I stopped using pluck
He's an amazing Transformation. Literally the only thing that could've been better if he was propelled forward a little more during his light attacks, lel.
Only one you should try is gold lining. When you get them in that thunder circle the damage is astronomical!!! EDIT: Black Thunder not Golden Lining Dark Thunder hits hard too, as his spell staggers the opponent for a while. Then you can just wallop on the boss while he’s getting electrocuted. My whole build is based on thunder bane damage, and I’m not a fan of golden lining.
Dark Thunder hits hard too, as his spell staggers the opponent for a while. Then you can just wallop on the boss while he’s getting electrocuted. My whole build is based on thunder bane damage, and I’m not a fan of golden lining.
I've tried others, still always go back to him.
The only transformation we need bro is the goat
I prefer Ebon Flow myself
Definitely saved my life so many times and used him pretty much to the end until I got the frost monkey then now I use stone monkey OP ASS HAHA
I finished the whole part 1 without him 🥲 I had to surpass my limits many times lol
I used this one until I get the Macaque,I can do some real damage with that one but this ones still good for saving your ass especially early game. I definitely havent used enough of them tho,basically just those two
Absolute. Everytime I try a different combo other than Guangzhi and Wandering Wight, I get my ass handed to me in a 7 course meal!!🙏🏻
Can anyone explain how to max damage with him, I find his light attacks some don’t hit or the animation has him going to the side or away from the enemy it feels very uncontrollable
Pretty sure most people stuck with him and the wight as a spirit attack for most the game like me lol.
Don't forget Gu--I mean Yang Tiger! One of the most badass summons!
How do you do each variation of his dodge heavies? Are they focus % dependent? I wanna learn how to do the big one shown in the demo video Depends on the dodge direction.
Depends on the dodge direction.
I really like best boy.. those sir Loong is nice too..
Yellow loong transformation is the best raining thunder down on bosses.
He felt flashy and fast and I just couldnt feel any reason to change him up against against the final boss
Yin Tiger for me. More my playstyle anyway. Giant fucking sword and ability to block
Mannnnnnn. I ain’t even finished yet but I literally couldn’t do this without him
Ngl if’s by far the best transformation, I 100% the game and first tried almost every boss, this guy us GOATED. I once switched to 2 other ones 1 I forgot and the other one yellow loong, boy was it bad. I also only learned about the firering charging his super when I was at the final boss.. (and realized I bad to switch immobalize for the tirst time) So every single time you use this guy you can use his super THREE times (charged jump on sword > slash boss attack)
Fire rat and big headed baby carried my ass
best transformation, but I still don't know how to do his jump/fire spin combo yet :( help
I used pocket disco the whole game. The scream, the animation and the red light is just perfect.
I hate the move set so much.
I love this boy!!
Yo pluck of many with the 6th relic set on collective mind op as hell
Honestly, it's unfair.  He didn't quite agree to helping you at all.  🤣 I think the only person consciously agreed to this is Yellow Loong.  Maybe not his best decision, but he did think about it and decided to go with you.
Even though I beat him I still can't beat this dumbass blue baby looking thing
Where are my hoarfrost lads at
It's a nice let me do some damage with another health bar. Maybe I use it not efficiently but spam pressing triangle makes it feel cheesy
Can someone dm me , I need help
Guangzhi save me! 😂 I usually use his light attacks to charge up focus bar and use dodge and heavy attack, the damage is good.
He is a good transformation for sure, but Golden Lining ftw
What’s blaidd doing here !!! Blaidd is more similiar to Ebon Flow, imo
Blaidd is more similiar to Ebon Flow, imo
This game is shit af Dodge dont even work properly and when u trynna heal half the time its not reacting so it dosnt heal and half the bosses do to much damage like its not even possible and they change there combos up for 1 second to another that bs and when u weaken them then they just become stronger like it dosnt even make any fucking sense they should be fucking weaker not stronger and the game is just bucked sometimes i get hit when i shouldnt get hit like tf is wrong with this shit Get better kid
Get better kid
Truly a saviour
Black myth: Guangzhi
I've never onced switch either. I wish they gave more transformations tho tbh
Got me through like 4 chapters then golden lining(yellow loong) was the best.Respects to red tides tho always been a real G in tuff situations
"Master talked about this !!"
I stood there to let him kill me once in the NG+, just to show my respect
I switched through many transformations throughout the game. while yes this dude was very helpful in the first 3 chapters, yellow loong, yin tiger, hoarfrost and horse transformation were great as well
I went from this guy to Gold Lining to Azure Dome.
Yeahhhh
Jin Tiger is my new go to with his blocking ability of large sword
Red Tides and the Wandering Wight spirit carried me like a newborn baby. Switched to Azure Dome for Erlang but other than that, was me and Doggo
Bon flow was my go thru for many fights now the stone monkey is hands down the best!
He's been the goat for a while until I cheated on him with the Macacque chief and the Stone Monkey later on..
I despise this transformation because of people mashing the Dash attack. He has good moves. Do something else....
The big head smash guy carried me the whole game. I tried a few others but none felt as good to use.
Yellow loong better version shock causes more damage overall
yin tiger, love him
I loved using this dude, too. A lot of the other guys felt sluggish. Like a speedy build when possible.
I literally just got the game yesterday and once I got him it made the fight with the wandering wight so much easier
Dropped this transformation pretty fast ngl. Headbutt dude, however.
Am I an oddball using explosive rat and insect soldier stab? These two can immediate knockdown bosses with very short cooldowns.
Using this until i got yin tiger
He is my 2nd best boy after golden loong..... absolutely love this beast tho
I’ve been using all of them so far. The one I used the most is the the rock with legs
I kept switching back to him, I'd just optimized playing him for a bit too much to switch.
Saved me several times when the boss is nearly dead but could still easily kill me with three hits.
I'm only in zone 3 but I only have him and the lame rock head. Are there any other cool ones that we unlock eventually? Oh yeah, chapter 3 has two really cool ones. Chapter 4 has arguably the strongest transformation.
Oh yeah, chapter 3 has two really cool ones. Chapter 4 has arguably the strongest transformation.
Beat all the frogs and then level the sprit up to max…… GG
Bro same, I’m on chapter 5 and I’ve only had him
