Item is the Tiger Relic Soak, increases critical hit chance. ================================================================================  评论列表:
No fucking way! Played through twice and never noticed this! track me Time for a 3rd playthrough, my friend I think I can just chapter select back to it! Which shrine is it closest to? This should be the way down to last boss from frontier tiger temple (blood bath) Tiger Temple Entrance. Cellar is just after the sl8de so its too late "Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance" shrine. FYI you can cheese wukong into going back up the sand slide by looking back and spamming the dodge button. I wasn't being able to time the double jump so I just forced my way up there lol I didn't know this is possible to go upstream on these slides. I noticed it and spent ages trying to get up there but never thought to bloody attack #facepalm This item is the reason why i play ng to collect 4 to put in my soaks Even though when watching the video you can clearly see it... Well, now I know what is the first thing I need to do when I get home from work lmao
Time for a 3rd playthrough, my friend I think I can just chapter select back to it! Which shrine is it closest to? This should be the way down to last boss from frontier tiger temple (blood bath) Tiger Temple Entrance. Cellar is just after the sl8de so its too late "Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance" shrine.
I think I can just chapter select back to it! Which shrine is it closest to? This should be the way down to last boss from frontier tiger temple (blood bath) Tiger Temple Entrance. Cellar is just after the sl8de so its too late "Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance" shrine.
Which shrine is it closest to? This should be the way down to last boss from frontier tiger temple (blood bath) Tiger Temple Entrance. Cellar is just after the sl8de so its too late "Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance" shrine.
This should be the way down to last boss from frontier tiger temple (blood bath)
Tiger Temple Entrance. Cellar is just after the sl8de so its too late
"Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance" shrine.
FYI you can cheese wukong into going back up the sand slide by looking back and spamming the dodge button. I wasn't being able to time the double jump so I just forced my way up there lol I didn't know this is possible to go upstream on these slides.
I didn't know this is possible to go upstream on these slides.
I noticed it and spent ages trying to get up there but never thought to bloody attack #facepalm
This item is the reason why i play ng to collect 4 to put in my soaks
Even though when watching the video you can clearly see it... Well, now I know what is the first thing I need to do when I get home from work lmao
F! I was trying to get that damn. Thanks for sharing.
I didn't even think to heavy attack here. I'm fucking stupid. Me neither, but what’s funny I been using the heavy attack mid air combo to traverse a few spots and to kill certain long range enemies in chapter two, just never thought to do so here 用户已删除评论
Me neither, but what’s funny I been using the heavy attack mid air combo to traverse a few spots and to kill certain long range enemies in chapter two, just never thought to do so here
用户已删除评论
Wait? Was that a double jump? How Heavy attack while mid air And there was me exploring the temple cellar for hours finding the hidden path to that location, just to realize I was gaslighting by the dev Just Jump > Heavy Attack.  Simple as that.
Heavy attack while mid air And there was me exploring the temple cellar for hours finding the hidden path to that location, just to realize I was gaslighting by the dev
And there was me exploring the temple cellar for hours finding the hidden path to that location, just to realize I was gaslighting by the dev
Just Jump > Heavy Attack.  Simple as that.
Start at crouching tiger temple entrance, then go down through the mouth once the vanguard is defeated
I thought its a collectible, tried 3 times but the ledge dropped me off all 3 tries. Went to my friend a few weeks later and shown him some bosses and places he missed in his playthrough. When I got here I said ‘look it’s a jebait its almost you can jump up there!’… and I jumped up first try. We laughed.
Oh what the fuck. I’m on ng++ and I still didn’t know. Thank you. I got that on my first slide without knowing about it, I just like to dondubble jump all the time and try to get everywhere I feel like a dummy lol. I should have known they would try some shit like that 😂
I got that on my first slide without knowing about it, I just like to dondubble jump all the time and try to get everywhere I feel like a dummy lol. I should have known they would try some shit like that 😂
I feel like a dummy lol. I should have known they would try some shit like that 😂
Goddamn! All these little sneaky secret hiding spots lol.
Oh, that was awful. I was doing a 100% walkthrough so I had to get this and I failed this multiple times. It was brutal having to reset to the shrine and try it again. I hated this. A bit late now but…. if you jump too soon you can quickly 180 (whilst still sliding down) and keep jumping up the sand slide, you won’t go anywhere BUT you can then cloud step forward during a jump and you’ll be able to try straightaway again without resetting. This obviously only works once since the cooldown for Cloud Step takes a while to reset. In effect, you’d get two tries per shrine reset. Constant jumping and heavy attack will also help you get back up to try again. Just have to spam it and stay to the side same dude... same
A bit late now but…. if you jump too soon you can quickly 180 (whilst still sliding down) and keep jumping up the sand slide, you won’t go anywhere BUT you can then cloud step forward during a jump and you’ll be able to try straightaway again without resetting. This obviously only works once since the cooldown for Cloud Step takes a while to reset. In effect, you’d get two tries per shrine reset. Constant jumping and heavy attack will also help you get back up to try again. Just have to spam it and stay to the side
Constant jumping and heavy attack will also help you get back up to try again. Just have to spam it and stay to the side
same dude... same
Awww shit time to go back! Gone used to this by now 😔
Gone used to this by now 😔
And its a good item too :D
There's another annoying one a bit earlier during the long sand slide with all the enemies attacking you. Not even sure if I did it the intended way in the end. Yes on the left side , there is a treasure but didn't get to the right side on my end yet I tried to get to the right side but it didn't seem like it was possible?
Yes on the left side , there is a treasure but didn't get to the right side on my end yet I tried to get to the right side but it didn't seem like it was possible?
I tried to get to the right side but it didn't seem like it was possible?
So THAT'S how you do that!
Yes, i had to try like 10+ times to get up there lol I’ve tried 35 times and still can’t get it. How is this dude doing a front flip? I’m 130 hours in and on my second playthrough… Jump and then heavy attack. On ps5 it's jump and then triangle
I’ve tried 35 times and still can’t get it. How is this dude doing a front flip? I’m 130 hours in and on my second playthrough… Jump and then heavy attack. On ps5 it's jump and then triangle
Jump and then heavy attack. On ps5 it's jump and then triangle
FFS how did I miss this
What item is it!? Tiger relic soak I am blind man. Didn't see this item and didn't see the caption to the pic. Appreciate bro
Tiger relic soak I am blind man. Didn't see this item and didn't see the caption to the pic. Appreciate bro
I am blind man. Didn't see this item and didn't see the caption to the pic. Appreciate bro
so that's how you get up there! i thought i was missing some tunnel that leads to this lol
That jump took me more tries than any boss…..and the trek back to it every time I missed was frustrating as hell!  That curio is boss af though, definitely worth the trouble.
Thank you man, gotta go back. This one is highly missable
Yeaa... I can't believe it took me 3 playthroughs to figure this out ffs...
I don't remember getting that but I just got the achievement for collecting all the pills... Edit: oh its a soak! Sheeit I'll have to go get that.
Genuinely the only thing I googles about all you gotta do is press y 😭
Forgive my ignorance, where is this? Somewhere in ch 2 I assume? Chapter 2, Crouching Tiger Temple shrine.  Jump into the hole, run past those civets.
Chapter 2, Crouching Tiger Temple shrine.  Jump into the hole, run past those civets.
took me like 6 tries
Is this the top of the hill that leads to the cellar? Yes.  If you are already in Cellar you are too late. Thanks bro. Grabbed it last night
Yes.  If you are already in Cellar you are too late. Thanks bro. Grabbed it last night
Thanks bro. Grabbed it last night
Even with knowing where it was, I had to make that run 4 fucking times because I couldn't get the heavy attack timing right. It shouldn't be a delay.  Jump > Heavy back to back (but not at the same time).
It shouldn't be a delay.  Jump > Heavy back to back (but not at the same time).
I didn’t even know you could heavy attack in the air 🤦🏽‍♂️ Also a light attack. You can chain them using a light attack in air first and then follow up with a heavy midair.
Also a light attack. You can chain them using a light attack in air first and then follow up with a heavy midair.
Guess I'm going back there
I didn't even know this was a thing lol. Thank you
I actually wish they made us use the jumping heavy attack to get to other places more.
what I find the hardest is having to go through loading screen each time you fail and then running all the way back there to fail and then have to try again lol, they should've placed the shrine/essence on the top before the slope instead of down there dang it!
Dude. . thank you so much I could not figure out how to get this damn thing
I never could figure out how to get up there the first time I ran through! Thanks a bunch!
Saw this post yesterday. Never noticed it. Nailed it 1st try 😎. It’s about the only thing I’ve nailed 1st try on in this game.
Took me 4 times, thanks for the guide!
What’s harder is killing all the civets before this area. I gave up on that nonsense and just cloud stepped past them. Could beat the yellow wind sage first go but those little assholes wreck me. It’s bullshit that their basic attacks get priority over your basic attacks, and they combo that shit. I used pluck of many just to even the odds.
I gave up on that nonsense and just cloud stepped past them. Could beat the yellow wind sage first go but those little assholes wreck me. It’s bullshit that their basic attacks get priority over your basic attacks, and they combo that shit. I used pluck of many just to even the odds.
It’s bullshit that their basic attacks get priority over your basic attacks, and they combo that shit. I used pluck of many just to even the odds.
When I got it I was trying to use cloud step, failed and did a heavy attack... Exactly as planned
Will be doing this after work today lmao
WHAT?
this is why i go on reddit
Jump and heavy attack
The enemy mob just before this treasure is much harder than it should be on NG+. For me at least When in doubt, call your army!
When in doubt, call your army!
Yup, until I watched a dude showing where exactly you make the jump (with pause and CSI lvls of zooms and angles)
What?!! Is the soak even worth it though?
This is what I love Wukong, there are so many little secrets
No it fucking wasn't lmao stop playin'. First-tried it, just like you did here.
Well I know where I’m traveling back to once I get home lol
But incredibly easy once you knew what to do
TIL half the people in this thread don't know how to perform some of the basics of the game 😂
The only thing harder was the RNG drops
When do we get the double jump. I'm lvl 36 and am fighting the dragon on ice it would be helpful
Alright I love this game but god damn I think it has the worst feeling jump I’ve ever experienced a video game. It’s something they could patch that would make a world of difference in the general feel of movement imo. Just give you a bit more air control, little bit floatier and make you jump a bit higher. With how many invisible walls there are I feel like a double jump wouldn’t break anything either.
tip you can go up from the cellar shrine (where the dog guy is) up the sand slide by facing top at bottom of slide and spamming dodge. as long as you don't turn too early you can roll up the sand. turn around at top and do the double jump trick. if you fail this way you don't have to reset to the farther tiger shrine and kill the enemies again.
Dude tell me about it! Took me at least 8 tries!
Yeah, took me more attempts than Capt Lotus Vision and Wise-Voice combined, I’m embarrassed to say lol
No lie didnt even know that was there
ikr , took me like 6 tries xD
I tried so many times and still can’t get it
Nah even the walk through I watched ain’t mention this
I gotta go back!
What location is this? Before the cellar shrine in chapter 2 Gonna load this up later thank you Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance is the shrine name.
Before the cellar shrine in chapter 2 Gonna load this up later thank you
Gonna load this up later thank you
Crouching Tiger Temple Entrance is the shrine name.
X -> triangel. Got it the first time
Wait where tf
Never noticed that. Thank you for this 🙏
What is the requirement for the achievement? Because I never found this but I got an achievement when I opened one these at the end of the game, so I just assumed I found all. Its the only place in the game that that item is found so you def missed an achievement
Its the only place in the game that that item is found so you def missed an achievement
Is it even anything worth it? It moderately increases your chance for a critical hit after you drink from your gourd. I don't think it's really worth the hassle, unless you're a completionist who wants platinum like me, then it absolutely is.
It moderately increases your chance for a critical hit after you drink from your gourd. I don't think it's really worth the hassle, unless you're a completionist who wants platinum like me, then it absolutely is.
I had no idea that was even there
After trying to jump there about 30 times I decided to look up a video on how to do it. Felt incredibly stupid for not realising you could jump heavy attack, and that it would allow you to go higher.
What shrine do I go to again? I wanna try Temple of the crouching Tiger 🐯
Temple of the crouching Tiger 🐯
Thank you
Why did this just piss me off? lol. I didn't know that was there.....
I’ve tried so many times to get this 💩 🤣
What’s up there?? A soak.
A soak.
hi
😭😭😭I missed it
The boss before (just beat) and after this are giving me whiplash.
I was wondering how tf to get up there!!
Where is this? I totally  missed it.
Nice
Did it second time. Wasn't hard
....Mother fu-!
WHAT
I thought after a while it was not real. Grr, I’ll have to go back. What’s in it?
Thanks
So that’s how you go up there!  What’s in the box?
never even noticed this lmao
Is it worth it?
More than 10 attempts for me
What's in the chest?
Tbh after doing ts, it wasn’t even worth it
Gahd damn didnt even know
Ohoh sneaky mother f@ckers, they pulled a sneaky one
Didn’t even see that. Is that from right after the rock fight in chapter 2
There is shit up there?
Wait you can double jump ??
I exploited this part by jumping and hitting dodge just as you touch the ground and you can essentially roll back up the slide.
Bruh how did I miss that???
How... the fuck did I miss this x.x
Never have I been thankful for going to reddit. Thanks!
Lol it took me way too many tries getting that.
God damn it! I fucken knew there had to be something along there but I never saw it!!
Thank you. Found it now
jump then heavy attack For anyone wondering how to get up there.
Can anyone tell me what’s inside the box? Just curious,otherwise I’m bout to go try and get it myself lol
I notice this yesterday too!!!, after this, in the next chapter, I also found how to open the purple doors, this game is great!!!! Not perfect but nearly
wtf where the fuk is this
That’s there?!?
Farming those god-damned soaks was horrendous. Wayyy too many Windows clock scamming to farm lotuses.
Wait.. You can double jump?!
You can double jump? if you jump and use a heavy attack you’ll get a second jump
if you jump and use a heavy attack you’ll get a second jump
版主已移除评论 Hello u/XammTheGamer , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/XammTheGamer , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Tried a couple times my first playthrough. Thanks for the tip!
There’s a double jump????? Technically when you heavy attack after jumping it does another jump as part of a overhead attack
Technically when you heavy attack after jumping it does another jump as part of a overhead attack
I’m sorry wHAT!
I am not s smart man... just learned now you can double jump smh
Whaaaaat!? Lmao this game is on tracks and then they have secrets. What kinda mixed messagin is this lmao
Whew was just about to go to ng+. No joke, just loaded up to do so 😂 ty homie 🤜🤛
You can double jump? 😭 im on my 3rd play through and didn’t know that
There's also another chest on the left when you are sliding down in the sand at some point while some mobs are shooting you, it takes the same skill to get there, just for a chest full of crap... Just don't bother with this one ...
Lololol - this was annoying af.  I got the timing and distance wrong at least 4 times and felt real special
I was to buzzy yelling Weeeeeeeee to notice. Oops , thanks for sharing!
Jump and hit the heavy attack. Took me 3 tries :) running around the temple
Jump and hit the heavy attack. Took me 3 tries :) running around the temple
Jump and hit the heavy attack. Took me 3 tries :) running around the temple
FYI, this is very easy to do once you know about it.  Practice your double jump by hitting Jump and Heavy attack at once.  No delay in between, should be easy peasy. Then when you drop down the slide, just pick a spot where you initiate this Jump > Heavy Attack.  Then pay attention to see if you jump too early or too late.  Teleport back to do again.  About 3 attempts you will get it. Another pro-tip: ignore those riffraff trying fight you.  Run past them.  Cloud step if you have to.
Wait I missed this lol but how did u double jump?
Nah, after 4 days on yin tiger and finally beating him aint nothing gonna compare to the psychological warfare he used on me.
Ahh I never knew this one after my 2nd playthrough. Damn!!
totally agree!
Unnecessarily hard to get for absolutely no reason wtf
📌📌📌
I was stubborn and missed the first jump, but i kept jump heavy attacking and using cloud step to move back up the slope. Eventually i made it.🤣👍
Oh my how often I did the jump and still got stuck..  hours until 1 try worked.
I spotted the location but had no idea how to get there. Will try later today
Waaaat? Be right back, gotta check something out :D
Just did it on the first try. 😅
For those who are still looking for this location, I can confirm that this is Tiger Temple Entrance, NOT Cellar. At the shrine, go into the temple, go down the tiger mouth, follow the only path and you will eventually get to this stream, can’t miss it. I just tried it myself.
I’m on erlang rn on my first playthrough and had no idea that double jumping exists in this game, how do u do it?
Excuse me?! You can double jump?!
I missed that.
I did NOT notice that!
Wait what....
what is even in the thing?
is it worth going back to get?
I knew it!!!! Now i gotta go back.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
Cloud step and heavy attack are great ways to get higher up, but I tried this like ten times it was so dang annoying
so you cCAN grab it??????
