Is it only me that was sitting with jaw dropped on the floor while playing opening of this game? That few minutes made me realize that this game is mastepiece ================================================================================  评论列表:
It's perfect Wukong energy. His arrogance and cheek are supposed to far outstrip his OP powerset and boy did they deliver. Also my mom was rooting for Erlang the whole time cuz he's so handsome so clearly the modellers did a good job there. track me This guy is the Erlang modeller actually, for me(Chinese) the most  classic image of Erlang is played by Vincent Chiao In the TV series Lotus Lantern(2005, CCTV), that's really cool. This guy is cool but not so classic. Never thought i would see someone on reddit reference 焦恩俊 in 宝莲灯 in a video game subreddit hahaha Wasn't he also 小李飞刀里的李寻欢？ For me it's Chin-Ka Lok from God of Honour. 🥵🥵🥵 Erlang Shen has 3 notable characteristic that they introduce very well in this opening He's wielding a very sharp spear that is said to be able to penetrate and cleave through steel and stone like wool, which Wukong taunted at one point "Your edge need honing". He has vast, superhuman strength, able to cleave an entire mountain with his axe, which he has done before to save mother. And he did that again in this opening. He has 73 transformations, which mean he can transform into virtually anything he want, and we also got to see he turn into a bird. The opening was scripted very well to show off the core characteristic of both Erlang and Wukong, and anybody who are well aware of them will immediately appreciate. 在华人论坛上提到，这个二郎神可能是“金翅鹏鸟”瑶葶的化身，因为在原著小说中，他与悟空关系良好，也是一个叛逆的神。悟空被太白金星的炉烧死时，也提醒悟空如何避火，但台词上却说他想屠杀花果山。而且，这个二郎神没有神貌，脸上满是邪气，胸前挂着一尊佛像，但他其实是个道神。根据中国网友的分析，这尊佛像应该是“金翅鹏鸟”耀桂的亲戚 It was mentioned on the Chinese forum that this Erlang God may be the incarnation of the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Yao, because in the original novel, he has a good relationship with Wukong and is also a rebellious god. When Wukong was burned to death in the furnace of Taibai Venus, Wukong was also reminded how to avoid fire, but the lines said that he wanted to massacre Huaguo Mountain. Moreover, this Erlang God has no appearance, his face is full of evil spirits, and there is a Buddha statue hanging on his chest, but he is actually a Taoist god. According to the analysis of Chinese netizens, this Buddha statue should be a relative of Yaogui, the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Wow. The lore is honestly so interesting to look into. I'm having a blast learning about the deeper parts of the story through in-game descriptions. 看了隐藏结局之后， 我觉得这个就是真的二郎神，他和孙悟空在这里演了一出大戏，演给天庭看，演给佛祖看。他们知道无法阻止天庭把悟空差分成六根，他们也知道天庭之后准备用他的六根重塑一个没有记忆的悟空，这样他就会效忠天庭和佛祖，成为走狗。一般的结局描写的就是这个情况，那个老猴子也是天宫安插的人，他为新悟空戴上金箍，而新悟空心甘情愿地成为奴隶。孙悟空和二郎神演的戏，为的就是神不知鬼不觉地，把悟空的记忆藏到二郎神的天眼里。二郎神放的狠话，是为了把戏做全，而孙悟空也反复提到要把二郎神的第三只眼挖出来，为的是他接近第三眼时，旁人不会起疑心。解锁隐藏结局，首先天命人要找到二郎神，恢复记忆。之后他仍然假装什么都不知道，自己在天庭的安排下，收回六根，但是在最后关头，他应该是拒绝了金箍，终于获得了自由。结局动画大部分都是回忆，只有最后一个镜头，是新悟空在花果山，他向当年的兄弟敬酒，然后掏出金箍棒，看样子准备再次大闹天宫。 I got hyped when they both turned into birds, I thought we’d get the shapeshifter battle from the book. But then it just abruptly ends. What actually happened to wukong there though? Dont tell me if its a spoiler The headband/circlet that appeared on his head he got from the book. It's meant to control him by slowly crushing his skull and cause pain when a spell is chanted. Why is it back on his head? Didnt he get rid of it when he became the fighting buddha at the end of Journey to the West? He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology. It is also worth noting that wukong is famously known to have 72 transformation while erlang shen has 73 which is just 1 more. This is purposely to taunt wukong that he's inferior to erlang shen. Also the good boi Xiaotian Quan <3 let your mom know this is not the most ever handsome Erlang in Chinese media history. This one is: His name is Jiaoen Jun. Literally, in Chinese social media, people said that Erlang in this game should be Jiaoen Jun, instead of this modeler. no, name is Jiao Enjun. Not Jiaoen Jun. 焦恩俊帅多了，开幕除了二郎神的脸都很完美 ErLang is a three eyed lil bitch, all my homies hate Erlang. I had to admit when he pulled out his giant ax, that was a nice touch Erlang's mother was imprisoned under a mountain when he was a kid, so he leveled up and used that ax to open the mountain up to save his mom. That Lotus Lattern animated movie was a classic as well. Haven’t played it yet but would like to know if his battle dog(Howling Celestial Dog)is in the game. Yes.
This guy is the Erlang modeller actually, for me(Chinese) the most  classic image of Erlang is played by Vincent Chiao In the TV series Lotus Lantern(2005, CCTV), that's really cool. This guy is cool but not so classic. Never thought i would see someone on reddit reference 焦恩俊 in 宝莲灯 in a video game subreddit hahaha Wasn't he also 小李飞刀里的李寻欢？ For me it's Chin-Ka Lok from God of Honour. 🥵🥵🥵
actually, for me(Chinese) the most  classic image of Erlang is played by Vincent Chiao In the TV series Lotus Lantern(2005, CCTV), that's really cool. This guy is cool but not so classic. Never thought i would see someone on reddit reference 焦恩俊 in 宝莲灯 in a video game subreddit hahaha Wasn't he also 小李飞刀里的李寻欢？ For me it's Chin-Ka Lok from God of Honour.
Never thought i would see someone on reddit reference 焦恩俊 in 宝莲灯 in a video game subreddit hahaha Wasn't he also 小李飞刀里的李寻欢？
Wasn't he also 小李飞刀里的李寻欢？
For me it's Chin-Ka Lok from God of Honour.
🥵🥵🥵
Erlang Shen has 3 notable characteristic that they introduce very well in this opening He's wielding a very sharp spear that is said to be able to penetrate and cleave through steel and stone like wool, which Wukong taunted at one point "Your edge need honing". He has vast, superhuman strength, able to cleave an entire mountain with his axe, which he has done before to save mother. And he did that again in this opening. He has 73 transformations, which mean he can transform into virtually anything he want, and we also got to see he turn into a bird. The opening was scripted very well to show off the core characteristic of both Erlang and Wukong, and anybody who are well aware of them will immediately appreciate. 在华人论坛上提到，这个二郎神可能是“金翅鹏鸟”瑶葶的化身，因为在原著小说中，他与悟空关系良好，也是一个叛逆的神。悟空被太白金星的炉烧死时，也提醒悟空如何避火，但台词上却说他想屠杀花果山。而且，这个二郎神没有神貌，脸上满是邪气，胸前挂着一尊佛像，但他其实是个道神。根据中国网友的分析，这尊佛像应该是“金翅鹏鸟”耀桂的亲戚 It was mentioned on the Chinese forum that this Erlang God may be the incarnation of the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Yao, because in the original novel, he has a good relationship with Wukong and is also a rebellious god. When Wukong was burned to death in the furnace of Taibai Venus, Wukong was also reminded how to avoid fire, but the lines said that he wanted to massacre Huaguo Mountain. Moreover, this Erlang God has no appearance, his face is full of evil spirits, and there is a Buddha statue hanging on his chest, but he is actually a Taoist god. According to the analysis of Chinese netizens, this Buddha statue should be a relative of Yaogui, the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Wow. The lore is honestly so interesting to look into. I'm having a blast learning about the deeper parts of the story through in-game descriptions. 看了隐藏结局之后， 我觉得这个就是真的二郎神，他和孙悟空在这里演了一出大戏，演给天庭看，演给佛祖看。他们知道无法阻止天庭把悟空差分成六根，他们也知道天庭之后准备用他的六根重塑一个没有记忆的悟空，这样他就会效忠天庭和佛祖，成为走狗。一般的结局描写的就是这个情况，那个老猴子也是天宫安插的人，他为新悟空戴上金箍，而新悟空心甘情愿地成为奴隶。孙悟空和二郎神演的戏，为的就是神不知鬼不觉地，把悟空的记忆藏到二郎神的天眼里。二郎神放的狠话，是为了把戏做全，而孙悟空也反复提到要把二郎神的第三只眼挖出来，为的是他接近第三眼时，旁人不会起疑心。解锁隐藏结局，首先天命人要找到二郎神，恢复记忆。之后他仍然假装什么都不知道，自己在天庭的安排下，收回六根，但是在最后关头，他应该是拒绝了金箍，终于获得了自由。结局动画大部分都是回忆，只有最后一个镜头，是新悟空在花果山，他向当年的兄弟敬酒，然后掏出金箍棒，看样子准备再次大闹天宫。 I got hyped when they both turned into birds, I thought we’d get the shapeshifter battle from the book. But then it just abruptly ends. What actually happened to wukong there though? Dont tell me if its a spoiler The headband/circlet that appeared on his head he got from the book. It's meant to control him by slowly crushing his skull and cause pain when a spell is chanted. Why is it back on his head? Didnt he get rid of it when he became the fighting buddha at the end of Journey to the West? He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology. It is also worth noting that wukong is famously known to have 72 transformation while erlang shen has 73 which is just 1 more. This is purposely to taunt wukong that he's inferior to erlang shen. Also the good boi Xiaotian Quan <3
在华人论坛上提到，这个二郎神可能是“金翅鹏鸟”瑶葶的化身，因为在原著小说中，他与悟空关系良好，也是一个叛逆的神。悟空被太白金星的炉烧死时，也提醒悟空如何避火，但台词上却说他想屠杀花果山。而且，这个二郎神没有神貌，脸上满是邪气，胸前挂着一尊佛像，但他其实是个道神。根据中国网友的分析，这尊佛像应该是“金翅鹏鸟”耀桂的亲戚 It was mentioned on the Chinese forum that this Erlang God may be the incarnation of the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Yao, because in the original novel, he has a good relationship with Wukong and is also a rebellious god. When Wukong was burned to death in the furnace of Taibai Venus, Wukong was also reminded how to avoid fire, but the lines said that he wanted to massacre Huaguo Mountain. Moreover, this Erlang God has no appearance, his face is full of evil spirits, and there is a Buddha statue hanging on his chest, but he is actually a Taoist god. According to the analysis of Chinese netizens, this Buddha statue should be a relative of Yaogui, the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Wow. The lore is honestly so interesting to look into. I'm having a blast learning about the deeper parts of the story through in-game descriptions. 看了隐藏结局之后， 我觉得这个就是真的二郎神，他和孙悟空在这里演了一出大戏，演给天庭看，演给佛祖看。他们知道无法阻止天庭把悟空差分成六根，他们也知道天庭之后准备用他的六根重塑一个没有记忆的悟空，这样他就会效忠天庭和佛祖，成为走狗。一般的结局描写的就是这个情况，那个老猴子也是天宫安插的人，他为新悟空戴上金箍，而新悟空心甘情愿地成为奴隶。孙悟空和二郎神演的戏，为的就是神不知鬼不觉地，把悟空的记忆藏到二郎神的天眼里。二郎神放的狠话，是为了把戏做全，而孙悟空也反复提到要把二郎神的第三只眼挖出来，为的是他接近第三眼时，旁人不会起疑心。解锁隐藏结局，首先天命人要找到二郎神，恢复记忆。之后他仍然假装什么都不知道，自己在天庭的安排下，收回六根，但是在最后关头，他应该是拒绝了金箍，终于获得了自由。结局动画大部分都是回忆，只有最后一个镜头，是新悟空在花果山，他向当年的兄弟敬酒，然后掏出金箍棒，看样子准备再次大闹天宫。
It was mentioned on the Chinese forum that this Erlang God may be the incarnation of the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Yao, because in the original novel, he has a good relationship with Wukong and is also a rebellious god. When Wukong was burned to death in the furnace of Taibai Venus, Wukong was also reminded how to avoid fire, but the lines said that he wanted to massacre Huaguo Mountain. Moreover, this Erlang God has no appearance, his face is full of evil spirits, and there is a Buddha statue hanging on his chest, but he is actually a Taoist god. According to the analysis of Chinese netizens, this Buddha statue should be a relative of Yaogui, the "Golden-winged Pengniao" Wow. The lore is honestly so interesting to look into. I'm having a blast learning about the deeper parts of the story through in-game descriptions.
看了隐藏结局之后， 我觉得这个就是真的二郎神，他和孙悟空在这里演了一出大戏，演给天庭看，演给佛祖看。他们知道无法阻止天庭把悟空差分成六根，他们也知道天庭之后准备用他的六根重塑一个没有记忆的悟空，这样他就会效忠天庭和佛祖，成为走狗。一般的结局描写的就是这个情况，那个老猴子也是天宫安插的人，他为新悟空戴上金箍，而新悟空心甘情愿地成为奴隶。孙悟空和二郎神演的戏，为的就是神不知鬼不觉地，把悟空的记忆藏到二郎神的天眼里。二郎神放的狠话，是为了把戏做全，而孙悟空也反复提到要把二郎神的第三只眼挖出来，为的是他接近第三眼时，旁人不会起疑心。解锁隐藏结局，首先天命人要找到二郎神，恢复记忆。之后他仍然假装什么都不知道，自己在天庭的安排下，收回六根，但是在最后关头，他应该是拒绝了金箍，终于获得了自由。结局动画大部分都是回忆，只有最后一个镜头，是新悟空在花果山，他向当年的兄弟敬酒，然后掏出金箍棒，看样子准备再次大闹天宫。
I got hyped when they both turned into birds, I thought we’d get the shapeshifter battle from the book. But then it just abruptly ends. What actually happened to wukong there though? Dont tell me if its a spoiler The headband/circlet that appeared on his head he got from the book. It's meant to control him by slowly crushing his skull and cause pain when a spell is chanted. Why is it back on his head? Didnt he get rid of it when he became the fighting buddha at the end of Journey to the West? He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology.
What actually happened to wukong there though? Dont tell me if its a spoiler The headband/circlet that appeared on his head he got from the book. It's meant to control him by slowly crushing his skull and cause pain when a spell is chanted. Why is it back on his head? Didnt he get rid of it when he became the fighting buddha at the end of Journey to the West? He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology.
The headband/circlet that appeared on his head he got from the book. It's meant to control him by slowly crushing his skull and cause pain when a spell is chanted. Why is it back on his head? Didnt he get rid of it when he became the fighting buddha at the end of Journey to the West? He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology.
Why is it back on his head? Didnt he get rid of it when he became the fighting buddha at the end of Journey to the West? He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology.
He was lied to Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology.
Gods being assholes, classic. Seems it's the same in any old mythology.
It is also worth noting that wukong is famously known to have 72 transformation while erlang shen has 73 which is just 1 more. This is purposely to taunt wukong that he's inferior to erlang shen.
Also the good boi Xiaotian Quan <3
let your mom know this is not the most ever handsome Erlang in Chinese media history. This one is: His name is Jiaoen Jun. Literally, in Chinese social media, people said that Erlang in this game should be Jiaoen Jun, instead of this modeler. no, name is Jiao Enjun. Not Jiaoen Jun. 焦恩俊帅多了，开幕除了二郎神的脸都很完美
no, name is Jiao Enjun. Not Jiaoen Jun.
焦恩俊帅多了，开幕除了二郎神的脸都很完美
ErLang is a three eyed lil bitch, all my homies hate Erlang. I had to admit when he pulled out his giant ax, that was a nice touch Erlang's mother was imprisoned under a mountain when he was a kid, so he leveled up and used that ax to open the mountain up to save his mom. That Lotus Lattern animated movie was a classic as well.
Haven’t played it yet but would like to know if his battle dog(Howling Celestial Dog)is in the game. Yes.
Yes.
The opening is fire. He gave no fucks
This is exactly how I imagined the scene to be when I read Journey to the West as a kid. Never read Journey to the West (although the game is inspiring me to). How much of the game resembles the book? I thought they only took the mythological characters and created a different story around it (like God of War). Yep, the game is basically a fan fiction to JTTW though it has countless elements, characters and metaphors tributing to the novel. JTTW is a story about how Wukong and his folks reach to the west and the game is about what might happen afterwards. It’s a fan made sequel of the book. Most characters in the game greatly resemble the look or feeling of the original novel. The environments too. It’s great Funny you mentioned the environment right when I saw this tweet: https://x.com/yicaichina/status/1826156311882699097 Apparently a Chinese province is using the game in a tourism video because it accurately depicts landmarks. This game is truly special (and I already had high expectations to begin with!) Yes. I believe they scanned 400 something locations to keep things authentic. This is why the game is insanely pretty. It’s like you are having a tour in the actual novel as a monkey lol It's a sequel to the book. The game just happens after the book story. The stories of major bosses align with how their story go in the books tho I don't remember a lot of smaller bosses since I read it such a long time ago. The opening scene tho is on point with the description of heavenly armies clashing with Wukong. Aside from that, the way they depict Wukong's hair magic and incantations and the way he speaks... they are straight out from the books. Beside other comments, if you are interested you can have a look at the bio entires of the enemies in the game, some of the them have included bits of lore from the book How much of the game resembles the book? The game is based on a 2000-ish online novel that was based on JTTW universe. It's sort of a fanfic, before the word "fanfic" was coined. The novel the game based on is titled 悟空传, lit. The Life of Wukong . It was very popular in China during its time but virtually unheardof elsewhere. In lieu of an English translation or intro, Here's an original text in Chinese: https://www.99csw.com/book/2147/62546.htm Here's a HK movie adaption: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wu_Kong_(film) Be warned though, the text is highly symbolic and enigmatic. You need to know both JTTW and HK movie 大话西游 (Lit. Bullshitting JTTW , referred to as ACO henceforth) to know who many important characters are. The novel took a darker interpretation of the JTTW and ACO lore, and made it an anti-establishment parable. Basically, the Buddha Tathagata was depicted as a mastermind of deep state behind the celestial establishment, and manipulated Wukong (a grassroot hero), Sanzang (a genius philosopher) into conforming to the machine. Wukong was tricked into eliminating himself, his struggle and exploits were falsified into a canonic hero. Things I can tell the game took from the novels are: Wukong's circlet symbolizing subjugation to the celestial establishment. In the novel the real Wukong sans-circlet fought and was killed by his clone who wore the circlet. Wukong's lover; Wukong didn't have a romance in the JTTW text (nor do almost all characters in JTTW), she was totally ACO invention, and their love featured heavily in the novel. Wukong getting killed and turned into a stone; This is novel invention and neither JTTW nor ACO had this. In JTTW Wukong is indestructible, in ACO Wukong survived serving his duty and unable to love again (not negatively; sorta like Jedi code of no emotion). The Ox king being close to Wukong while Erlang an archnemesis; in JTTW the Ox king abandoned Wukong when he was desperately prosecuted by the celestial establishment, while Erlang despite fought and bested Wukong in a fight, was on friendly terms with Wukong and offered help when Wukong escorted Sanzang. Spoilers for the secret ending: I think Erlang had his original personality after all, if not even more friendly with Wukong than the source material. The entire opening is a show put on by Erlang and Wukong. Yeah this game isn't canon. It's set after the books. In the book Wukong completes the task and becomes the Virtuous Fighting Buddha. Happy ending, everyone is happy.
Never read Journey to the West (although the game is inspiring me to). How much of the game resembles the book? I thought they only took the mythological characters and created a different story around it (like God of War). Yep, the game is basically a fan fiction to JTTW though it has countless elements, characters and metaphors tributing to the novel. JTTW is a story about how Wukong and his folks reach to the west and the game is about what might happen afterwards. It’s a fan made sequel of the book. Most characters in the game greatly resemble the look or feeling of the original novel. The environments too. It’s great Funny you mentioned the environment right when I saw this tweet: https://x.com/yicaichina/status/1826156311882699097 Apparently a Chinese province is using the game in a tourism video because it accurately depicts landmarks. This game is truly special (and I already had high expectations to begin with!) Yes. I believe they scanned 400 something locations to keep things authentic. This is why the game is insanely pretty. It’s like you are having a tour in the actual novel as a monkey lol It's a sequel to the book. The game just happens after the book story. The stories of major bosses align with how their story go in the books tho I don't remember a lot of smaller bosses since I read it such a long time ago. The opening scene tho is on point with the description of heavenly armies clashing with Wukong. Aside from that, the way they depict Wukong's hair magic and incantations and the way he speaks... they are straight out from the books. Beside other comments, if you are interested you can have a look at the bio entires of the enemies in the game, some of the them have included bits of lore from the book How much of the game resembles the book? The game is based on a 2000-ish online novel that was based on JTTW universe. It's sort of a fanfic, before the word "fanfic" was coined. The novel the game based on is titled 悟空传, lit. The Life of Wukong . It was very popular in China during its time but virtually unheardof elsewhere. In lieu of an English translation or intro, Here's an original text in Chinese: https://www.99csw.com/book/2147/62546.htm Here's a HK movie adaption: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wu_Kong_(film) Be warned though, the text is highly symbolic and enigmatic. You need to know both JTTW and HK movie 大话西游 (Lit. Bullshitting JTTW , referred to as ACO henceforth) to know who many important characters are. The novel took a darker interpretation of the JTTW and ACO lore, and made it an anti-establishment parable. Basically, the Buddha Tathagata was depicted as a mastermind of deep state behind the celestial establishment, and manipulated Wukong (a grassroot hero), Sanzang (a genius philosopher) into conforming to the machine. Wukong was tricked into eliminating himself, his struggle and exploits were falsified into a canonic hero. Things I can tell the game took from the novels are: Wukong's circlet symbolizing subjugation to the celestial establishment. In the novel the real Wukong sans-circlet fought and was killed by his clone who wore the circlet. Wukong's lover; Wukong didn't have a romance in the JTTW text (nor do almost all characters in JTTW), she was totally ACO invention, and their love featured heavily in the novel. Wukong getting killed and turned into a stone; This is novel invention and neither JTTW nor ACO had this. In JTTW Wukong is indestructible, in ACO Wukong survived serving his duty and unable to love again (not negatively; sorta like Jedi code of no emotion). The Ox king being close to Wukong while Erlang an archnemesis; in JTTW the Ox king abandoned Wukong when he was desperately prosecuted by the celestial establishment, while Erlang despite fought and bested Wukong in a fight, was on friendly terms with Wukong and offered help when Wukong escorted Sanzang. Spoilers for the secret ending: I think Erlang had his original personality after all, if not even more friendly with Wukong than the source material. The entire opening is a show put on by Erlang and Wukong. Yeah this game isn't canon. It's set after the books. In the book Wukong completes the task and becomes the Virtuous Fighting Buddha. Happy ending, everyone is happy.
Yep, the game is basically a fan fiction to JTTW though it has countless elements, characters and metaphors tributing to the novel. JTTW is a story about how Wukong and his folks reach to the west and the game is about what might happen afterwards.
It’s a fan made sequel of the book. Most characters in the game greatly resemble the look or feeling of the original novel. The environments too. It’s great Funny you mentioned the environment right when I saw this tweet: https://x.com/yicaichina/status/1826156311882699097 Apparently a Chinese province is using the game in a tourism video because it accurately depicts landmarks. This game is truly special (and I already had high expectations to begin with!) Yes. I believe they scanned 400 something locations to keep things authentic. This is why the game is insanely pretty. It’s like you are having a tour in the actual novel as a monkey lol
Funny you mentioned the environment right when I saw this tweet: https://x.com/yicaichina/status/1826156311882699097 Apparently a Chinese province is using the game in a tourism video because it accurately depicts landmarks. This game is truly special (and I already had high expectations to begin with!) Yes. I believe they scanned 400 something locations to keep things authentic. This is why the game is insanely pretty. It’s like you are having a tour in the actual novel as a monkey lol
Yes. I believe they scanned 400 something locations to keep things authentic. This is why the game is insanely pretty. It’s like you are having a tour in the actual novel as a monkey lol
It's a sequel to the book. The game just happens after the book story.
The stories of major bosses align with how their story go in the books tho I don't remember a lot of smaller bosses since I read it such a long time ago. The opening scene tho is on point with the description of heavenly armies clashing with Wukong. Aside from that, the way they depict Wukong's hair magic and incantations and the way he speaks... they are straight out from the books.
Beside other comments, if you are interested you can have a look at the bio entires of the enemies in the game, some of the them have included bits of lore from the book
How much of the game resembles the book? The game is based on a 2000-ish online novel that was based on JTTW universe. It's sort of a fanfic, before the word "fanfic" was coined. The novel the game based on is titled 悟空传, lit. The Life of Wukong . It was very popular in China during its time but virtually unheardof elsewhere. In lieu of an English translation or intro, Here's an original text in Chinese: https://www.99csw.com/book/2147/62546.htm Here's a HK movie adaption: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wu_Kong_(film) Be warned though, the text is highly symbolic and enigmatic. You need to know both JTTW and HK movie 大话西游 (Lit. Bullshitting JTTW , referred to as ACO henceforth) to know who many important characters are. The novel took a darker interpretation of the JTTW and ACO lore, and made it an anti-establishment parable. Basically, the Buddha Tathagata was depicted as a mastermind of deep state behind the celestial establishment, and manipulated Wukong (a grassroot hero), Sanzang (a genius philosopher) into conforming to the machine. Wukong was tricked into eliminating himself, his struggle and exploits were falsified into a canonic hero. Things I can tell the game took from the novels are: Wukong's circlet symbolizing subjugation to the celestial establishment. In the novel the real Wukong sans-circlet fought and was killed by his clone who wore the circlet. Wukong's lover; Wukong didn't have a romance in the JTTW text (nor do almost all characters in JTTW), she was totally ACO invention, and their love featured heavily in the novel. Wukong getting killed and turned into a stone; This is novel invention and neither JTTW nor ACO had this. In JTTW Wukong is indestructible, in ACO Wukong survived serving his duty and unable to love again (not negatively; sorta like Jedi code of no emotion). The Ox king being close to Wukong while Erlang an archnemesis; in JTTW the Ox king abandoned Wukong when he was desperately prosecuted by the celestial establishment, while Erlang despite fought and bested Wukong in a fight, was on friendly terms with Wukong and offered help when Wukong escorted Sanzang. Spoilers for the secret ending: I think Erlang had his original personality after all, if not even more friendly with Wukong than the source material. The entire opening is a show put on by Erlang and Wukong.
Spoilers for the secret ending: I think Erlang had his original personality after all, if not even more friendly with Wukong than the source material. The entire opening is a show put on by Erlang and Wukong.
Yeah this game isn't canon. It's set after the books. In the book Wukong completes the task and becomes the Virtuous Fighting Buddha. Happy ending, everyone is happy.
That's fine, we have over 2 Million monkeys online, but they got only 100k troops Canonical pluck of many be like
Canonical pluck of many be like
It was an amazing opening. Too bad our boy got shafted with the golden crown. Thats a known thing? What is it exactly? Or will i learn that later? It is a control/torture device given to Sanzang to control Wukong. Usually to stop him if he disobeys. The thing tightens around his head when a specific mantra is recited Edit to add more context: Not sure if you will get more lore in-game but what I wrote is from the JTTW story. The golden hoop around his head is part of Sun Wukong iconography, as much as his staff and all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. Yup, the golden headband is iconic for Wukong. Kind of reiterating what others have said, but when the monk recites a mantra it causes him immense headaches and stops him from doing whatever he's about to do, it's also sometimes used as punishment by the monk. It makes sense, because he was so overpowered and arrogant that he had to be imprisoned by buddha for 500 years under a mountain. Why would he humble himself before some powerless monk right after? The headband was the only way for the monk to keep him under control, from killing mindlessly etc. Sometimes he was punished wrongly though. If anyone has watched Inuyasha, the headband functions similar to Inuyasha's necklace (the necklace is probably inspired by Journey to the West). And similar to how Kagome sometimes makes him "sit" unreasonably, the headband was sometimes used to punish Wukong when he was in the right. Did we ever get an explanation of what triggers it during this opening cutscene? I mostly ask because I wouldn’t expect Sanzang/Guanyin to do it to give Erlang Shen an advantage. I would guess it’s the buddha itself since wukong is once again rebelling against the entire heaven and threaten to kill all of heaven I just hope he gets his get back from the same god later jn the game all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. can be said for like 80% of the plot It shows the crown causing him pain in the end of the opening scene. Now why it did that I have no idea and wouldn’t say if I did as that would be a spoiler (but I truly don’t know as I have only played a couple hours so far). It is part of the original lore so it won't really be explained... Journey to the West is an overpowered monkey, doing an escort quest. The whole story is basically Wukong, learning control and humility through his journey of protecting this weak monk. He was so overpowered that the story starts with something similar to God of War. With the heaven in shambles. So how does this overpowered monkey that can do the job in a single second ends up walking patiently with the monk for 14 YEARS? The crown. It will subdue him if the monk recites a certain prayer. u/naytreox u/chev327fox Sort of. The story is actually that Wukong is such a brash and OP character, he has something like a demon stare, which lets him see the true form of the demons that take on a human form to try and lure Tang Seng (because eating his flesh grants immortality or some shit like that). So Wukong basically just sees that they are demons and kills them instantly, Tang Seng obviously aint happy about this, believing that demons deserve a second chance bla bla bla, so he goes to Pu Sa to ask for something he can control Wukong with. So she gives him this head brace/crown to put on Wukong's head. One of the most famous incidents is where a demon approached three times, and all three timees Wukong just blasted the shit out of her, but she manages to escape. After the third time Tang Seng had enough and told him to fuck off. Obviously they got cooked and Zhu Ba Jie (pig bro) comes over to Wukong's crib and begs for him to come back. I see.....that explains the slave headband in the game enslaved, oddessy to the west. But then i have to wonder why the human dude dueling wukong in the begining of the game didn't just recite that prayer while fighting him Because at the end of the journey he was freed from the crown; having learnt humility and ascending to Buddha hood. Its sudden reappearance is a meant as a WTF moment and provoke a heaven is screwing over Wukong again reaction. Now, that's something I don't understand. First, the golden headband disappeared after Wukong completed the journey and attained Buddhahood. So why does it appear again now? Moreover, the prayer itself was known by no one (only the monk knew it, and it seems to me that in the novel at least, he recites it in his heart... not loudly for the neighbour to hear). So how? That needs the game to answer... Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory. It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly… At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin. Think Goku from early Dragonball, OP but has one major weakness, his tail. The crown is Wukong's tail
Thats a known thing? What is it exactly? Or will i learn that later? It is a control/torture device given to Sanzang to control Wukong. Usually to stop him if he disobeys. The thing tightens around his head when a specific mantra is recited Edit to add more context: Not sure if you will get more lore in-game but what I wrote is from the JTTW story. The golden hoop around his head is part of Sun Wukong iconography, as much as his staff and all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. Yup, the golden headband is iconic for Wukong. Kind of reiterating what others have said, but when the monk recites a mantra it causes him immense headaches and stops him from doing whatever he's about to do, it's also sometimes used as punishment by the monk. It makes sense, because he was so overpowered and arrogant that he had to be imprisoned by buddha for 500 years under a mountain. Why would he humble himself before some powerless monk right after? The headband was the only way for the monk to keep him under control, from killing mindlessly etc. Sometimes he was punished wrongly though. If anyone has watched Inuyasha, the headband functions similar to Inuyasha's necklace (the necklace is probably inspired by Journey to the West). And similar to how Kagome sometimes makes him "sit" unreasonably, the headband was sometimes used to punish Wukong when he was in the right. Did we ever get an explanation of what triggers it during this opening cutscene? I mostly ask because I wouldn’t expect Sanzang/Guanyin to do it to give Erlang Shen an advantage. I would guess it’s the buddha itself since wukong is once again rebelling against the entire heaven and threaten to kill all of heaven I just hope he gets his get back from the same god later jn the game all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. can be said for like 80% of the plot It shows the crown causing him pain in the end of the opening scene. Now why it did that I have no idea and wouldn’t say if I did as that would be a spoiler (but I truly don’t know as I have only played a couple hours so far). It is part of the original lore so it won't really be explained... Journey to the West is an overpowered monkey, doing an escort quest. The whole story is basically Wukong, learning control and humility through his journey of protecting this weak monk. He was so overpowered that the story starts with something similar to God of War. With the heaven in shambles. So how does this overpowered monkey that can do the job in a single second ends up walking patiently with the monk for 14 YEARS? The crown. It will subdue him if the monk recites a certain prayer. u/naytreox u/chev327fox Sort of. The story is actually that Wukong is such a brash and OP character, he has something like a demon stare, which lets him see the true form of the demons that take on a human form to try and lure Tang Seng (because eating his flesh grants immortality or some shit like that). So Wukong basically just sees that they are demons and kills them instantly, Tang Seng obviously aint happy about this, believing that demons deserve a second chance bla bla bla, so he goes to Pu Sa to ask for something he can control Wukong with. So she gives him this head brace/crown to put on Wukong's head. One of the most famous incidents is where a demon approached three times, and all three timees Wukong just blasted the shit out of her, but she manages to escape. After the third time Tang Seng had enough and told him to fuck off. Obviously they got cooked and Zhu Ba Jie (pig bro) comes over to Wukong's crib and begs for him to come back. I see.....that explains the slave headband in the game enslaved, oddessy to the west. But then i have to wonder why the human dude dueling wukong in the begining of the game didn't just recite that prayer while fighting him Because at the end of the journey he was freed from the crown; having learnt humility and ascending to Buddha hood. Its sudden reappearance is a meant as a WTF moment and provoke a heaven is screwing over Wukong again reaction. Now, that's something I don't understand. First, the golden headband disappeared after Wukong completed the journey and attained Buddhahood. So why does it appear again now? Moreover, the prayer itself was known by no one (only the monk knew it, and it seems to me that in the novel at least, he recites it in his heart... not loudly for the neighbour to hear). So how? That needs the game to answer... Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory. It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly… At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin. Think Goku from early Dragonball, OP but has one major weakness, his tail. The crown is Wukong's tail
It is a control/torture device given to Sanzang to control Wukong. Usually to stop him if he disobeys. The thing tightens around his head when a specific mantra is recited Edit to add more context: Not sure if you will get more lore in-game but what I wrote is from the JTTW story. The golden hoop around his head is part of Sun Wukong iconography, as much as his staff and all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. Yup, the golden headband is iconic for Wukong. Kind of reiterating what others have said, but when the monk recites a mantra it causes him immense headaches and stops him from doing whatever he's about to do, it's also sometimes used as punishment by the monk. It makes sense, because he was so overpowered and arrogant that he had to be imprisoned by buddha for 500 years under a mountain. Why would he humble himself before some powerless monk right after? The headband was the only way for the monk to keep him under control, from killing mindlessly etc. Sometimes he was punished wrongly though. If anyone has watched Inuyasha, the headband functions similar to Inuyasha's necklace (the necklace is probably inspired by Journey to the West). And similar to how Kagome sometimes makes him "sit" unreasonably, the headband was sometimes used to punish Wukong when he was in the right. Did we ever get an explanation of what triggers it during this opening cutscene? I mostly ask because I wouldn’t expect Sanzang/Guanyin to do it to give Erlang Shen an advantage. I would guess it’s the buddha itself since wukong is once again rebelling against the entire heaven and threaten to kill all of heaven I just hope he gets his get back from the same god later jn the game all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. can be said for like 80% of the plot
Yup, the golden headband is iconic for Wukong. Kind of reiterating what others have said, but when the monk recites a mantra it causes him immense headaches and stops him from doing whatever he's about to do, it's also sometimes used as punishment by the monk. It makes sense, because he was so overpowered and arrogant that he had to be imprisoned by buddha for 500 years under a mountain. Why would he humble himself before some powerless monk right after? The headband was the only way for the monk to keep him under control, from killing mindlessly etc. Sometimes he was punished wrongly though. If anyone has watched Inuyasha, the headband functions similar to Inuyasha's necklace (the necklace is probably inspired by Journey to the West). And similar to how Kagome sometimes makes him "sit" unreasonably, the headband was sometimes used to punish Wukong when he was in the right. Did we ever get an explanation of what triggers it during this opening cutscene? I mostly ask because I wouldn’t expect Sanzang/Guanyin to do it to give Erlang Shen an advantage. I would guess it’s the buddha itself since wukong is once again rebelling against the entire heaven and threaten to kill all of heaven
Did we ever get an explanation of what triggers it during this opening cutscene? I mostly ask because I wouldn’t expect Sanzang/Guanyin to do it to give Erlang Shen an advantage. I would guess it’s the buddha itself since wukong is once again rebelling against the entire heaven and threaten to kill all of heaven
I would guess it’s the buddha itself since wukong is once again rebelling against the entire heaven and threaten to kill all of heaven
I just hope he gets his get back from the same god later jn the game
all Chinese people are already familiar with it and knows exactly what it does—so it probably never occurred to the devs to explain it. can be said for like 80% of the plot
It shows the crown causing him pain in the end of the opening scene. Now why it did that I have no idea and wouldn’t say if I did as that would be a spoiler (but I truly don’t know as I have only played a couple hours so far). It is part of the original lore so it won't really be explained... Journey to the West is an overpowered monkey, doing an escort quest. The whole story is basically Wukong, learning control and humility through his journey of protecting this weak monk. He was so overpowered that the story starts with something similar to God of War. With the heaven in shambles. So how does this overpowered monkey that can do the job in a single second ends up walking patiently with the monk for 14 YEARS? The crown. It will subdue him if the monk recites a certain prayer. u/naytreox u/chev327fox Sort of. The story is actually that Wukong is such a brash and OP character, he has something like a demon stare, which lets him see the true form of the demons that take on a human form to try and lure Tang Seng (because eating his flesh grants immortality or some shit like that). So Wukong basically just sees that they are demons and kills them instantly, Tang Seng obviously aint happy about this, believing that demons deserve a second chance bla bla bla, so he goes to Pu Sa to ask for something he can control Wukong with. So she gives him this head brace/crown to put on Wukong's head. One of the most famous incidents is where a demon approached three times, and all three timees Wukong just blasted the shit out of her, but she manages to escape. After the third time Tang Seng had enough and told him to fuck off. Obviously they got cooked and Zhu Ba Jie (pig bro) comes over to Wukong's crib and begs for him to come back. I see.....that explains the slave headband in the game enslaved, oddessy to the west. But then i have to wonder why the human dude dueling wukong in the begining of the game didn't just recite that prayer while fighting him Because at the end of the journey he was freed from the crown; having learnt humility and ascending to Buddha hood. Its sudden reappearance is a meant as a WTF moment and provoke a heaven is screwing over Wukong again reaction. Now, that's something I don't understand. First, the golden headband disappeared after Wukong completed the journey and attained Buddhahood. So why does it appear again now? Moreover, the prayer itself was known by no one (only the monk knew it, and it seems to me that in the novel at least, he recites it in his heart... not loudly for the neighbour to hear). So how? That needs the game to answer... Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory. It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly… At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin. Think Goku from early Dragonball, OP but has one major weakness, his tail. The crown is Wukong's tail
It is part of the original lore so it won't really be explained... Journey to the West is an overpowered monkey, doing an escort quest. The whole story is basically Wukong, learning control and humility through his journey of protecting this weak monk. He was so overpowered that the story starts with something similar to God of War. With the heaven in shambles. So how does this overpowered monkey that can do the job in a single second ends up walking patiently with the monk for 14 YEARS? The crown. It will subdue him if the monk recites a certain prayer. u/naytreox u/chev327fox Sort of. The story is actually that Wukong is such a brash and OP character, he has something like a demon stare, which lets him see the true form of the demons that take on a human form to try and lure Tang Seng (because eating his flesh grants immortality or some shit like that). So Wukong basically just sees that they are demons and kills them instantly, Tang Seng obviously aint happy about this, believing that demons deserve a second chance bla bla bla, so he goes to Pu Sa to ask for something he can control Wukong with. So she gives him this head brace/crown to put on Wukong's head. One of the most famous incidents is where a demon approached three times, and all three timees Wukong just blasted the shit out of her, but she manages to escape. After the third time Tang Seng had enough and told him to fuck off. Obviously they got cooked and Zhu Ba Jie (pig bro) comes over to Wukong's crib and begs for him to come back. I see.....that explains the slave headband in the game enslaved, oddessy to the west. But then i have to wonder why the human dude dueling wukong in the begining of the game didn't just recite that prayer while fighting him Because at the end of the journey he was freed from the crown; having learnt humility and ascending to Buddha hood. Its sudden reappearance is a meant as a WTF moment and provoke a heaven is screwing over Wukong again reaction. Now, that's something I don't understand. First, the golden headband disappeared after Wukong completed the journey and attained Buddhahood. So why does it appear again now? Moreover, the prayer itself was known by no one (only the monk knew it, and it seems to me that in the novel at least, he recites it in his heart... not loudly for the neighbour to hear). So how? That needs the game to answer... Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory. It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly… At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin.
Sort of. The story is actually that Wukong is such a brash and OP character, he has something like a demon stare, which lets him see the true form of the demons that take on a human form to try and lure Tang Seng (because eating his flesh grants immortality or some shit like that). So Wukong basically just sees that they are demons and kills them instantly, Tang Seng obviously aint happy about this, believing that demons deserve a second chance bla bla bla, so he goes to Pu Sa to ask for something he can control Wukong with. So she gives him this head brace/crown to put on Wukong's head. One of the most famous incidents is where a demon approached three times, and all three timees Wukong just blasted the shit out of her, but she manages to escape. After the third time Tang Seng had enough and told him to fuck off. Obviously they got cooked and Zhu Ba Jie (pig bro) comes over to Wukong's crib and begs for him to come back.
I see.....that explains the slave headband in the game enslaved, oddessy to the west. But then i have to wonder why the human dude dueling wukong in the begining of the game didn't just recite that prayer while fighting him Because at the end of the journey he was freed from the crown; having learnt humility and ascending to Buddha hood. Its sudden reappearance is a meant as a WTF moment and provoke a heaven is screwing over Wukong again reaction. Now, that's something I don't understand. First, the golden headband disappeared after Wukong completed the journey and attained Buddhahood. So why does it appear again now? Moreover, the prayer itself was known by no one (only the monk knew it, and it seems to me that in the novel at least, he recites it in his heart... not loudly for the neighbour to hear). So how? That needs the game to answer... Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory. It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly… At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin.
Because at the end of the journey he was freed from the crown; having learnt humility and ascending to Buddha hood. Its sudden reappearance is a meant as a WTF moment and provoke a heaven is screwing over Wukong again reaction.
Now, that's something I don't understand. First, the golden headband disappeared after Wukong completed the journey and attained Buddhahood. So why does it appear again now? Moreover, the prayer itself was known by no one (only the monk knew it, and it seems to me that in the novel at least, he recites it in his heart... not loudly for the neighbour to hear). So how? That needs the game to answer... Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory. It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly… At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin.
Because in the original lore (Journey to the West), after Sun Wukong escorted Tang Monk (Tang Sanzang) to the West and obtained the scriptures, Sun Wukong asked Buddha to remove the golden hoop on his head (the so-called golden headband), and Buddha said to Sun Wukong, " Now touch the top of your head." Sun Wukong touched it and found that the golden hoop had indeed disappeared. However, there is a conspiracy theory in China about Journey to the West that the golden hoop was not actually taken down, but was covered up by Buddha using illusions to better control Sun Wukong, and Tang Sanzang was not the only one who knew how to control the golden hoop. The Buddha also knew the mantra. This game may just adopt this conspiracy theory. I am not a English user. Therefore, there may be some translation ambiguities, but this is roughly the meaning I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory.
I could clearly follow what you said and that is an interesting theory. If the game has adopted this then i can't wait to progress more. Like seeing if the destined one is actually the reincarnated wukong, which is my theory.
It's cruel but easy to understand that they deceived him, they promised to free control but left a hand behind secretly…
At least three people can recite the Tightening Spell. The first is the creator of the band, the Buddha; the second is Guanyin Bodhisattva, who learned the spell from the Buddha; and the third is the Monk, who is Wukong's master and learned the spell from Guanyin.
Think Goku from early Dragonball, OP but has one major weakness, his tail. The crown is Wukong's tail
Honestly, I've been gaming for over 30 years and that whole opening was one of the coolest I've ever seen. Literally got chills and don't think I blinked more than twice lol. Devs made one banger of a game. Only like 2 hours in and loving every minute. The opening gave me similar chills to the original God of War 2, against the Colossus of Rhodes Only much more personally significant due to the 1986 series nostalgia
The opening gave me similar chills to the original God of War 2, against the Colossus of Rhodes Only much more personally significant due to the 1986 series nostalgia
The scene seems to depict the Four Heavenly Kings, the Giant Spirit God, and a hundred thousand celestial soldiers and generals. The Giant Spirit God is more of an atmosphere-setting character, as in the original text, he is easily defeated by Wukong. In fact, Wukong can also become as large as they are. This technique is called "Transforming into Heaven and Earth." Yes, dude, the original Journey to the West calls it fa tian xiang di 法天象地 法天象地 or 法相天地 means as high as the sky, that's how high you can grow; as vast as the earth, that's how big you can become.
Yes, dude, the original Journey to the West calls it fa tian xiang di 法天象地
法天象地 or 法相天地 means as high as the sky, that's how high you can grow; as vast as the earth, that's how big you can become.
Originally,  Wukong was an unrivaled demon monkey, unbridled and unstoppable, a creature whom no one could subdue—not even a hundred thousand heavenly soldiers could withstand a single swing of his staff. Yet, he was eventually constrained by a magical circlet. During his journey to the West with Monk Tang to retrieve sacred scriptures, he learned the virtues of humility and grounding. Once he obtained the true scriptures, the circlet vanished on its own. Without the circlet, Wukong, no matter how formidable, would have remained just a demon monkey. However, this circlet taught him to temper his wild nature with restraint and compassion, ultimately transforming him into a deity. It echoes what Kant observed: in this world, there are only two things truly worthy of our profound admiration—one is the splendid starry sky above us, and the other is the noble moral law within us.
The opening reeled me in. The grandeur of everything was epic!! The cutscenes blended seamlessly with the battle imo. So stinking cool
It’s not even my favorite part anymore. The headless monk in Chapter 2 is so cool. Those songs are fire.  I'm so glad to see some traditional Chinese music be given a cool modern treatment.
Those songs are fire.  I'm so glad to see some traditional Chinese music be given a cool modern treatment.
The moment he told EVERYONE there to come at him, having no fear at all, was so cold He fought and bested them before so he knows they ain't shit
He fought and bested them before so he knows they ain't shit
First game since RDR2 to give me chills
Chinese players are discussing why Erlang Shen wears a Buddhist necklace on his chest, as he is a Taoist deity. So it is very likely that he is not really Erlang Shen, but some kind of false god.
My pc was fighting for its life during that scene My pc literally couldn't run it. Audio was fucked up and lagged behind the video. Video constantly froze and frame rate was at like 5fps the whole time at lowest possible settings. No fault of the devs, just an old computer that couldn't keep up. Bought a new comp yesterday and it runs smooth as butter now.
My pc literally couldn't run it. Audio was fucked up and lagged behind the video. Video constantly froze and frame rate was at like 5fps the whole time at lowest possible settings. No fault of the devs, just an old computer that couldn't keep up. Bought a new comp yesterday and it runs smooth as butter now.
Is there a reason why Wukong accused them from genociding his fellow monkeys? From what he says it seems like after the Journey to the West was complete he returned home only to find all his monkeys dead. Master - Safe Scriptures - Sound But what I do not understand is why you bastard butchered my kind! My guess is the Heavenly gods did not want the monkey race to live on because they didn't want another Wukong to emerge which has given them nothing but headaches.  Of course that only manage to piss off Wukong and he will defeat the heavenly gods. In the original book, Wukong failed to challenge the Celestial Court, and as a punishment for redemption, he was sent to protect Tang Sanzang to the West. Afterwards, he became a Buddha. (The following is speculation) He thought that he could retire and live freely with his monkey kinds on Huaguo Mountain until then, but obviously the Celestial Court and the Buddha were afraid of his abilities and lack of control, so they launched a siege on Huaguo Mountain.
My guess is the Heavenly gods did not want the monkey race to live on because they didn't want another Wukong to emerge which has given them nothing but headaches.  Of course that only manage to piss off Wukong and he will defeat the heavenly gods.
In the original book, Wukong failed to challenge the Celestial Court, and as a punishment for redemption, he was sent to protect Tang Sanzang to the West. Afterwards, he became a Buddha. (The following is speculation) He thought that he could retire and live freely with his monkey kinds on Huaguo Mountain until then, but obviously the Celestial Court and the Buddha were afraid of his abilities and lack of control, so they launched a siege on Huaguo Mountain.
Yup!
They didn't bring enough. He only lose because of the cheat code
The opening what straight FIRE. My socks blown off my hats held
I hope this game inspires more projects based on wuxia/xianxia. As a chinese novel reader this was peak.
It’s so fucking dope, maybe I’m misremembering but I (on high settings) played it and didn’t see all of the crazy cloud effects I saw when a streamer played it. Wish I had my settings on the level they are now.
It’s perfect, kind of reminded me of the opening sequence to GoW 3 - just pure events and chaos
Kinda wanted to start small first like with the soldiers, then the walking statues, then finally erlang shen but it was pretty hype.
the opening is epic!!! best ever
Straight up late Xianxia battlw.
Very much made me nostalgic for old school God of War that opening cutscene!
Here's an extended version of this scene from TVB's 1996 adapation of the book 40k monkeys vs 100k celestial soldiers. I grew up watching this and the 1998 sequel. Highly recommend if you can find English subs. Minor spoiler warning because some of the characters he fights will most likely show up as bosses later
Really cool opening and game itself is quite good. Looking it till now.
Its currently 4 am and i have to work at 8 am, Wukong is sucking my energy. Anyways God of Highschool is a good Manga/ Anime that is also based of Son Goku… although idk how close the references are, still pretty good
Do you play as wukong or another monkey with a staff? Im a bit confused after the opening boss
As soon as I saw the opening I knew I'd end up buying this game. Sadly I have to wait until I'm back from vacation, but I am looking forward to sitting down and playing it when I'm home.
This game is beautiful
monke cool
I'm really on the fence about getting this game. I'm a huge 'Souls-like' fan, but I didn't get on with Nioh, or Ghost of Tushima at all, so I'm worried this game is more like them and I won't get on with it. Anyone got any insight?
This game is next level, everything seems so real and beautiful. I can’t wait to gain more knowledge and get more spells. This game is everything I wished it would be.
I was happy with my purchase when I saw this lol
Absolutely insane 🔥🔥🔥the gameplay is top tier too very impressed/pleased with it so far had high expectations for this game id say they met them amazing game
Was GLORIOUS!
So fucking cool
I've played so many games that I thought really amazed me but the whole beginning segment really did have my mouth hanging open in awe and that's never happened before. I am astounded by how good it looked and how well it played.  Even more amazed that it was day one with no updates on ps5 and I haven't had a single crash.  All the other triple A title companies need to take notes on this one.
The English voice acting was laughably bad. But otherwise good.
honestly one of the greatest openings to any game i have ever seen
Pretty based
Hyped me up
版主已移除评论 The "lower" four are the Four Heavenly Kings. The giant one is the Giant God, or Ju Ling Shen. Four great heavenly kings. They got their unique waepons. A gaint sword, an umbrella, an instrument called Pipa, and a bottle with a magic beast marten.
The "lower" four are the Four Heavenly Kings. The giant one is the Giant God, or Ju Ling Shen.
Four great heavenly kings. They got their unique waepons. A gaint sword, an umbrella, an instrument called Pipa, and a bottle with a magic beast marten.
can somebody please gift me this i really play this game Check your dms. I send you a ps5 code
Check your dms. I send you a ps5 code
in the final secret chapter you will beat the four ass
Quick question. I recognize the 四大天王 but who’s the one Erlang is on? 版主已移除评论 巨灵神 juling shen (giant spirit god)
版主已移除评论
巨灵神 juling shen (giant spirit god)
Man I wish I got it on pc instead, the performance and visuals on ps5 are kinda ass
Trust me, bro, the last few chapters of this game will legit take your breath away.
The aura is crazy
“Is it only me” talk about low effort karma farming
The opening was right up there with AW2 for me, playing on a 4090 with everything maxed out and PT.  Extremely well done and graphically impressive.
So is this the big scene where Sun Wukong fights legions of armies in heaven? I’m hoping to actually fight hordes of celestial warriors at some point in this game no, but there will be one and it can be missed if you don't look for it thoroughly or search it on YouTube and you don't want to play for the 2nd time.
no, but there will be one and it can be missed if you don't look for it thoroughly or search it on YouTube and you don't want to play for the 2nd time.
Who is the biggest guy in the middle back?
When he says 'I always wanted a back scratcher!' 😂 fucking badass
Man hands down best intro I’ve played in a loooong time. Only thing I can say is EPIC I really felt like I was HIM in that fight lol
Good monkey
Let me steal it and claim it is mine
I’ve played it with some skull candy crusher evos headphones (pretty much they are like have a subwoofer on your ear) and with the bass cranked all the way up, all I heard was rumbling 😭
Bro I got a nerd Bonner in that scene am I weird chat?
ur mom POV
I’m kinda confused who are we playing as if sun Wukong is still trapped in his boulder?
Might be top 10 of best opening in the history of gaming
Greatest opening in video game history. My GOTY!
Phenomenal unlike any other!!
GOW 3 vibes
Insain
That opening was fucking sick. Loved the fight, the effects, and the lovable arrogance of Sun Wukong.
Was planning to wait for sales for this game, but I decided to bought this game this weekend after watching the opening in youtube
Wait the game has photo mode?
One of the best video game openings I’ve ever experienced. Dialogue, atmosphere, action, music and everything. Perfection.
Yeah that was one helluva opening. Give it that.
“Who wants this smoke?”
only descending from there
Who are the big ones?
What did Wukong mean by " My master - safe , The Scriptures- sounds " ?!
“I came here to kick ass and chew bubblegum…and I’m OUT OF BUBBLEGUM.”
Anyone know where we can find this link please
The trash talk between Wukong and Erlang was beyond even DBZ
I was totally disappointed with this opening after reading all the rave reviews. It's super beautiful, no doubt about it. But the camera was super buggy during the fight on the clouds, I couldn't see the character half the time. I think that's your graphics card probably?  Looks great on some youtube videos I have seen.
I think that's your graphics card probably?  Looks great on some youtube videos I have seen.
gonna be honest, i dont think the little guy should be able to beat those others. like, he doesnt have the mass for it. Shadow of Colossus enters the chat. This story was written before Westerners passed the sacred scripture known as "high school physic textbook" to China. Seriously though. That monkey have a war staff that weight 15,000 pounds in which he can compress it to use it as a earpick. bigger doesn't always mean stronger. remember the tale of david and goliath? david outsmarted the egoistic giant. the thing is wukong has the strength of billion (or more) elite heavenly soldiers even with that body size.
Shadow of Colossus enters the chat.
This story was written before Westerners passed the sacred scripture known as "high school physic textbook" to China. Seriously though. That monkey have a war staff that weight 15,000 pounds in which he can compress it to use it as a earpick.
bigger doesn't always mean stronger. remember the tale of david and goliath? david outsmarted the egoistic giant. the thing is wukong has the strength of billion (or more) elite heavenly soldiers even with that body size.
You will be stunned when you see the last fight witj Erlangshen crazy bro
took me 4 hours to beat the bear. not souls like my ass, they just wanted more sales It is not a soulslike. Any game can be hard if the devs wanted them to be hard without being a soulslike game. diffuculty is not a genre.
It is not a soulslike. Any game can be hard if the devs wanted them to be hard without being a soulslike game. diffuculty is not a genre.
用户已删除评论 No shit it’s in Chinese
No shit it’s in Chinese
I puked a little seeing clouds and similar effects on my ps5. Absolute dogshit experience for opening sequence.
用户已删除评论 That's actually an attempt to imitate the VA in the original 1982 Chinese TV series. I just put it in Chinese , I don't understand a lick of it but it sounds more epic imo Classic english VA. Always bad
That's actually an attempt to imitate the VA in the original 1982 Chinese TV series.
I just put it in Chinese , I don't understand a lick of it but it sounds more epic imo
Classic english VA. Always bad
