================================================================================  评论列表:
Lmfao for those of you who don't know, the word "wheelchair" in Chinese gaming slang often refers to an easy to use meta that casuls heavily rely on to win in a game. track me Ah so basically crutch in English Or handicap "Resin" as Dan Gheesling would put it R/unexpectedbigbrother Indeed. bro  your knowledge of Chinese internet slang is amazing Look up grass mud horse next 草泥马 True. So people using mimic tear in Elden Ring are wheelchair gamers? Yes mimic tear, moonveil, river of blood in their early days before the nurf were all considered wheelchair build.  And after each patch, people literally search for “new wheelchair” or “what is still a wheel chair “ in gaming video sharing sites. Dude Mohg’s Sacred Spear has been the longest lasting wheel chair in the game so far. Gonna pop a wheelie in my Mohg's wheelchair and spin out all over Malenia's face. Rather Op weapons and magic shells easy to use are called wheelchair. When unnerfed Impenetrable Thorns came out some even said it's more than a wheelchair but a stretcher lol. We call mimic tear 'Big brother'.Like 'Save me, big brother' when meet hard battle. I'm adding this to my vocabulary. Til. This is still hilarious Are you Chinese Cheese. may I ask from where is this expression derived? I don't see "a meta build" has anything to do with "a wheelchair"🤔 To dig a little further into the lore of this slang, though "wheelchair" has been around for a long time, it's in last year when Armored Core VI dropped that it really blew up, thanks to one piece of meta gear in the game literally shaped after a wheelchair.   A "wheelchair build" while in ACVI originally refers to a build that uses that piece of gear, quickly expands its meaning to referring all meta builds, and then breaches out of ACVI into other popular games, most heavily used in souls-like games. My guess is that it kinda implies how brain dead easy it is to use because even the disabled can compete with its help. The emphasis is on how low the skill floor is. Yes it means even you are super handicap on the game( skill wise), you can still win easily with the build, hence it is a wheelchair build. It’s like “please I’m so handicapped at the game, how can I  beat this boss? Please help me “ ; “ here is a wheelchair, take it and it will get you through”
Ah so basically crutch in English Or handicap "Resin" as Dan Gheesling would put it R/unexpectedbigbrother Indeed.
Or handicap "Resin" as Dan Gheesling would put it R/unexpectedbigbrother
"Resin" as Dan Gheesling would put it R/unexpectedbigbrother
R/unexpectedbigbrother
Indeed.
bro  your knowledge of Chinese internet slang is amazing Look up grass mud horse next 草泥马
Look up grass mud horse next 草泥马
草泥马
True.
So people using mimic tear in Elden Ring are wheelchair gamers? Yes mimic tear, moonveil, river of blood in their early days before the nurf were all considered wheelchair build.  And after each patch, people literally search for “new wheelchair” or “what is still a wheel chair “ in gaming video sharing sites. Dude Mohg’s Sacred Spear has been the longest lasting wheel chair in the game so far. Gonna pop a wheelie in my Mohg's wheelchair and spin out all over Malenia's face. Rather Op weapons and magic shells easy to use are called wheelchair. When unnerfed Impenetrable Thorns came out some even said it's more than a wheelchair but a stretcher lol. We call mimic tear 'Big brother'.Like 'Save me, big brother' when meet hard battle.
Yes mimic tear, moonveil, river of blood in their early days before the nurf were all considered wheelchair build.  And after each patch, people literally search for “new wheelchair” or “what is still a wheel chair “ in gaming video sharing sites. Dude Mohg’s Sacred Spear has been the longest lasting wheel chair in the game so far. Gonna pop a wheelie in my Mohg's wheelchair and spin out all over Malenia's face.
Gonna pop a wheelie in my Mohg's wheelchair and spin out all over Malenia's face.
Rather Op weapons and magic shells easy to use are called wheelchair. When unnerfed Impenetrable Thorns came out some even said it's more than a wheelchair but a stretcher lol. We call mimic tear 'Big brother'.Like 'Save me, big brother' when meet hard battle.
I'm adding this to my vocabulary.
Til. This is still hilarious
Are you Chinese
Cheese.
may I ask from where is this expression derived? I don't see "a meta build" has anything to do with "a wheelchair"🤔 To dig a little further into the lore of this slang, though "wheelchair" has been around for a long time, it's in last year when Armored Core VI dropped that it really blew up, thanks to one piece of meta gear in the game literally shaped after a wheelchair.   A "wheelchair build" while in ACVI originally refers to a build that uses that piece of gear, quickly expands its meaning to referring all meta builds, and then breaches out of ACVI into other popular games, most heavily used in souls-like games. My guess is that it kinda implies how brain dead easy it is to use because even the disabled can compete with its help. The emphasis is on how low the skill floor is. Yes it means even you are super handicap on the game( skill wise), you can still win easily with the build, hence it is a wheelchair build. It’s like “please I’m so handicapped at the game, how can I  beat this boss? Please help me “ ; “ here is a wheelchair, take it and it will get you through”
To dig a little further into the lore of this slang, though "wheelchair" has been around for a long time, it's in last year when Armored Core VI dropped that it really blew up, thanks to one piece of meta gear in the game literally shaped after a wheelchair.   A "wheelchair build" while in ACVI originally refers to a build that uses that piece of gear, quickly expands its meaning to referring all meta builds, and then breaches out of ACVI into other popular games, most heavily used in souls-like games.
My guess is that it kinda implies how brain dead easy it is to use because even the disabled can compete with its help. The emphasis is on how low the skill floor is. Yes it means even you are super handicap on the game( skill wise), you can still win easily with the build, hence it is a wheelchair build. It’s like “please I’m so handicapped at the game, how can I  beat this boss? Please help me “ ; “ here is a wheelchair, take it and it will get you through”
Yes it means even you are super handicap on the game( skill wise), you can still win easily with the build, hence it is a wheelchair build. It’s like “please I’m so handicapped at the game, how can I  beat this boss? Please help me “ ; “ here is a wheelchair, take it and it will get you through”
Very inclusive. Now major reviewers finally can give it 5/5. I read a comment on YouTube talking about this game won't win goty because of "politics". What does that mean? Is there some kind of controversy surrounding this game or something? Because I've only seen positive reviews. There was an issue with IGN giving the game lower score based on incorrectly translated interview with some of the lead developers. After that, couple of bigger reviewers marked the developer studio as sexist. Additionally some of those reviewers, that are paid to play the game and give honest opinion (about gameplay, graphics, any technical issues) only played through first, and maybe sometimes second, chapter and further lowered score saying that developer hates women as there are no women in the game.... And they obviously are there and reviewers would see them if only they were doing their job right. Remember whole controversy around Harry Potter game from last year ? Great game, nice story. It was what fans wanted for all those years, but.... because of some people that don't like Rowling, they boycotted the whole game. Of course it still didn't hinder the sales, maybe even elevated them, but the game wasn't even mentioned / nominated last year for any awards and it surely deserved to be at least nominated. Oh wow. I didn't know all of that stuff. I definitely remember the BS around Hogwarts Legacy though. Crazy how these people have melted their brains trying to be uber progressive. It's all fabricated opinions. They don't really care about any of those issues they just see them as an opportunity to elevate their careers by pretending to be social justice champions. Bullshit. Exactly. Also I can care less about what anyone wants to be or call themselves. That's their business. But I think Rowling was right in my opinion. She was only trying to say being a woman is more than a title. It's an experience. To have the ability to give birth and life makes you a women. Along with all the other things, good, bad and scary to be a women. Just was her opinion about it. Not to bash people. At least that's what I grasped from what she said Completely agree man. I think it's disrespectful to women that some people can just wake up one day and call themselves that without having to get that experience. A woman has the right to call it what it is. USians don't like china. Nah, just LGBT journalists in this case.  Look at all the American players here.  They all love this game. Correct, not one left out, now the game is wheel chair accessible lol
I read a comment on YouTube talking about this game won't win goty because of "politics". What does that mean? Is there some kind of controversy surrounding this game or something? Because I've only seen positive reviews. There was an issue with IGN giving the game lower score based on incorrectly translated interview with some of the lead developers. After that, couple of bigger reviewers marked the developer studio as sexist. Additionally some of those reviewers, that are paid to play the game and give honest opinion (about gameplay, graphics, any technical issues) only played through first, and maybe sometimes second, chapter and further lowered score saying that developer hates women as there are no women in the game.... And they obviously are there and reviewers would see them if only they were doing their job right. Remember whole controversy around Harry Potter game from last year ? Great game, nice story. It was what fans wanted for all those years, but.... because of some people that don't like Rowling, they boycotted the whole game. Of course it still didn't hinder the sales, maybe even elevated them, but the game wasn't even mentioned / nominated last year for any awards and it surely deserved to be at least nominated. Oh wow. I didn't know all of that stuff. I definitely remember the BS around Hogwarts Legacy though. Crazy how these people have melted their brains trying to be uber progressive. It's all fabricated opinions. They don't really care about any of those issues they just see them as an opportunity to elevate their careers by pretending to be social justice champions. Bullshit. Exactly. Also I can care less about what anyone wants to be or call themselves. That's their business. But I think Rowling was right in my opinion. She was only trying to say being a woman is more than a title. It's an experience. To have the ability to give birth and life makes you a women. Along with all the other things, good, bad and scary to be a women. Just was her opinion about it. Not to bash people. At least that's what I grasped from what she said Completely agree man. I think it's disrespectful to women that some people can just wake up one day and call themselves that without having to get that experience. A woman has the right to call it what it is. USians don't like china. Nah, just LGBT journalists in this case.  Look at all the American players here.  They all love this game.
There was an issue with IGN giving the game lower score based on incorrectly translated interview with some of the lead developers. After that, couple of bigger reviewers marked the developer studio as sexist. Additionally some of those reviewers, that are paid to play the game and give honest opinion (about gameplay, graphics, any technical issues) only played through first, and maybe sometimes second, chapter and further lowered score saying that developer hates women as there are no women in the game.... And they obviously are there and reviewers would see them if only they were doing their job right. Remember whole controversy around Harry Potter game from last year ? Great game, nice story. It was what fans wanted for all those years, but.... because of some people that don't like Rowling, they boycotted the whole game. Of course it still didn't hinder the sales, maybe even elevated them, but the game wasn't even mentioned / nominated last year for any awards and it surely deserved to be at least nominated. Oh wow. I didn't know all of that stuff. I definitely remember the BS around Hogwarts Legacy though. Crazy how these people have melted their brains trying to be uber progressive. It's all fabricated opinions. They don't really care about any of those issues they just see them as an opportunity to elevate their careers by pretending to be social justice champions. Bullshit. Exactly. Also I can care less about what anyone wants to be or call themselves. That's their business. But I think Rowling was right in my opinion. She was only trying to say being a woman is more than a title. It's an experience. To have the ability to give birth and life makes you a women. Along with all the other things, good, bad and scary to be a women. Just was her opinion about it. Not to bash people. At least that's what I grasped from what she said Completely agree man. I think it's disrespectful to women that some people can just wake up one day and call themselves that without having to get that experience. A woman has the right to call it what it is.
Oh wow. I didn't know all of that stuff. I definitely remember the BS around Hogwarts Legacy though. Crazy how these people have melted their brains trying to be uber progressive. It's all fabricated opinions. They don't really care about any of those issues they just see them as an opportunity to elevate their careers by pretending to be social justice champions. Bullshit. Exactly. Also I can care less about what anyone wants to be or call themselves. That's their business. But I think Rowling was right in my opinion. She was only trying to say being a woman is more than a title. It's an experience. To have the ability to give birth and life makes you a women. Along with all the other things, good, bad and scary to be a women. Just was her opinion about it. Not to bash people. At least that's what I grasped from what she said Completely agree man. I think it's disrespectful to women that some people can just wake up one day and call themselves that without having to get that experience. A woman has the right to call it what it is.
Exactly. Also I can care less about what anyone wants to be or call themselves. That's their business. But I think Rowling was right in my opinion. She was only trying to say being a woman is more than a title. It's an experience. To have the ability to give birth and life makes you a women. Along with all the other things, good, bad and scary to be a women. Just was her opinion about it. Not to bash people. At least that's what I grasped from what she said Completely agree man. I think it's disrespectful to women that some people can just wake up one day and call themselves that without having to get that experience. A woman has the right to call it what it is.
Completely agree man. I think it's disrespectful to women that some people can just wake up one day and call themselves that without having to get that experience. A woman has the right to call it what it is.
USians don't like china. Nah, just LGBT journalists in this case.  Look at all the American players here.  They all love this game.
Nah, just LGBT journalists in this case.  Look at all the American players here.  They all love this game.
Correct, not one left out, now the game is wheel chair accessible lol
Black myth:Hawking Bro fuck off, I spit water all over the laptop 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I’ve seen enough Reddit for today Jesus Christ you’re ruthless and I love it 🤣 你他娘的是个天才！
Bro fuck off, I spit water all over the laptop 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I’ve seen enough Reddit for today Jesus Christ you’re ruthless and I love it 🤣
你他娘的是个天才！
Bro the wheel pushing 🤣💀 Paul Rudd approves 🤣 Is that from his new movie?
Paul Rudd approves 🤣 Is that from his new movie?
Paul Rudd approves 🤣 Is that from his new movie?
Is that from his new movie?
Wheelchair stance? Ubisoft stance That’s hilarious actually 😂😂😂 oh I'm stealing this..thank you. I really want to see the wheelchair pillar stance.
Ubisoft stance That’s hilarious actually 😂😂😂 oh I'm stealing this..thank you.
That’s hilarious actually 😂😂😂 oh I'm stealing this..thank you.
That’s hilarious actually 😂😂😂
oh I'm stealing this..thank you.
I really want to see the wheelchair pillar stance.
Yellow long done destroyed our monkeys legs 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This is so funny ngl
Legit 💯 lore accurate. Well played OP
The clones in wheelchairs sent me
I can admit when I'm wrong, I want more wheelchairs in action games
What makes all your clones copy your heavy slam? 6th relic. Im in ng+, but my 6th relic does not have an effect. What am i missing? You have to select the perk Unified Minds from the 6th relic. did u beat the secret ending? You get the 6th relic near the end, one of its perks makes your clones copy major attacks like the final hit of a combo or the charged heavy. I was wondering how these cool videos were made... Yellow loong and scorpion lord have been spit roasting my monkey ass for a few days now and im in dire need of some lubricant Haha, unfortunately for you, your revenge will have to wait until NG+
6th relic. Im in ng+, but my 6th relic does not have an effect. What am i missing? You have to select the perk Unified Minds from the 6th relic. did u beat the secret ending?
Im in ng+, but my 6th relic does not have an effect. What am i missing? You have to select the perk Unified Minds from the 6th relic. did u beat the secret ending?
You have to select the perk Unified Minds from the 6th relic.
did u beat the secret ending?
You get the 6th relic near the end, one of its perks makes your clones copy major attacks like the final hit of a combo or the charged heavy. I was wondering how these cool videos were made... Yellow loong and scorpion lord have been spit roasting my monkey ass for a few days now and im in dire need of some lubricant Haha, unfortunately for you, your revenge will have to wait until NG+
I was wondering how these cool videos were made... Yellow loong and scorpion lord have been spit roasting my monkey ass for a few days now and im in dire need of some lubricant Haha, unfortunately for you, your revenge will have to wait until NG+
Haha, unfortunately for you, your revenge will have to wait until NG+
If wukong was made by ubisoft
Finally , a game that can win goty.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Lamington_Salad 点赞: 5 时间: 2024-09-20T10:48:45.720000+0000 内容: I need to see the wheelchair in full pillar stance just wobbling at the top
very inclusive +10 social credit xD
Stairs are a hard counter to this build
Bruh used Cloud Drift
The disabled one
Can u tell me which spirit u used and how to get it to do this much damage, ive killed all 6 toad bosses, didnt know they were like this Have you upgraded the toad spirit? Once you fully upgrade it, it will do a random four banes effect when used. I think it's the maxed frog spirit, I forgot the exact name. Also, I'm using an NG+ save for entertainment purposes maybe that's why. Fully upgraded from the need to find all 6 to get the mats the spirit is the only Mythical one.
Have you upgraded the toad spirit? Once you fully upgrade it, it will do a random four banes effect when used.
I think it's the maxed frog spirit, I forgot the exact name. Also, I'm using an NG+ save for entertainment purposes maybe that's why.
Fully upgraded from the need to find all 6 to get the mats the spirit is the only Mythical one.
The unveiling strike up the back of the leg was epic 😆
skopos
Oh no, look what you done. Now IGN gonna give it 10/10
Pulls up to the boss: “You wouldn’t beat up a monkey in a wheelchair would you?”
Not the wheelie brigade 😭
If "You gotta rizz'em w the 'tism" was a person
This is fucking peak 🤣
Oh god, reminds me of Professor X in Mutant Academy 2. You think he's just a joke character, right up till he absolutely DESTORYS you with that stupid 50 hit wheelie combo then does the 'grab' where your character is curled up in the fetal position crying.
Did not expect the ‘Pluck of Many’ to be in a squadron of wheelchairs.
版主已移除评论 I think it's the Soaks. Soak slots 👍🏻
I think it's the Soaks.
Soak slots 👍🏻
Lmfao!!!!!!!
Wheelkong
Everybody Kungfu Fighting as Litetal.
Where can I find this wheelchair+ mode?
if Ubisoft made Wukong:
Guys, how come when I start the game I am holding grocery bags and all the enemies are tanks?
My arms got tired watching him go up that hill.
How can someone deny this can is inclusive?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: goawaybatn 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-20T14:05:59.400000+0000 内容: Immersion was gone for me as soon as he went upstairs.
Gotta get the "The Great Sage's Keen Kneecaps" relic
I'M FUCKING CRYING
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Ok-Bar8606 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-20T16:00:54.880000+0000 内容: Bro what the actual fuck😂😂😂
So I'm just here to be confused about a wheelchair
I have seen that EVERYWHERE! please someone tell me how I can get my clones to do the heavy move all at the same time. Nice wheels btw 😉
Black Myth: Gehrman, the First Hunter
New dlc leak!! Wheel stance!!
When Sun Wukong is on Ng+++++++++++ 😂
Bruhhhhh
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Careful-Meringue-194 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-20T14:34:37.661000+0000 内容: The wheelchair actually has me crying at work😂
Lol
Not the infamous crippling monkey attack.
what in the fk
Is this the first playthrough? Seeing how the monkeys use synchronized attack.
This was brilliant 😆
Slightly disappointed I don't see CJ in the chair...lol
Currently stuck on this fucker! Maybe I just need the secret chair for the win 🤣
Lmao 😂
Tonight Monkey joins the hunt xD
Lost it at the clones.
Bro is immobilised
You won due to handicap
Omg so true! Like when you see a white women donor say something they really don't understand being wrong and they try to rationalize with "I'm married to a black man" or "my best friend is black" or something. Also it's like all these movies and shows. Ever single show tries to show that they're progressive but where was all this before everyone stood up and said something? I gave being progressive but it's like each movie and show has a checklist and they have to have everything in it. I'm not mad at that but it doesn't have to be in every single commercial, movie, TV show. Some movies are about really young teenagers or kids and it has to make sure there's one gay or one them/they in it lol
Gehrman build
Does anyone know what the background music piece is called in the first few seconds of the clip?
Autobots, roll out
Wheelchair wukong
Actually this is a good idea fro video games lol.
He is not just any monkey. He is a monkey with disability.
So inclusive 10/10
I got him first or second try
Get rolled on Yellow Loong.
Bro straight up summoned the crips
if you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball
Broooo😭😭
Wukong would do this
This is even funnier cause I just got to this boss and he's been kicking my ass, refreshing.
Ahh yes black myth chair kong, such a good game, 10/10 The best build though is the no magic iron bull build, rolls everything and you don’t even need magic to cheat.
I also killed him just now. Felt good. GG my man you did him dirty. 🫡
Oopoo he perfect dodged that like Riehlvelt from HxH 😭🤣
Why does he simply not transform into something with working legs 🤔
I'm glad I wasn't drinking anything when I saw this
The accessibility options we need
TIMMAY
this is insane
Crouching Tiger, Seated Monkey
lmfao 🤣
Wukong for modern audiences.
It feels like this boss got nerfed; it doesn’t even fly up or use its special moves anymore.
This looks so silly. 😂😂
Lmfaooooooo that’s awesome
his transformation ability should allow his main character to be used normally in the game. This means he gets full use of his legs and full mobility it hides the sexist tones to it.
Sent this to Ricky Birwick.
Something's seems off. How are you doing that much damage.
Wow he really is a monkey of merit
Non-able's monkey brother, non-walking.
What the what? I don’t even……what?
You are my special
“This story is the tale of me starting to walk. Not in the physical sense… but in an adolescence to adulthood sort of way…”
Now I keep expecting people in wheelchairs to be dodging sideways irl, thanks
Really need to play the game but i am broke as fk
Lmaooo🤣🤣
u/savevideobot
"Non-Able" 😂
This footage is killing me😂😂😂
Cool
Best thing I've seen all day! Especially when "Pluck of Many" was used and the duplicates started doing flips in the air. It had me rolling!!🤣 No pun intended.
Is it really supposed to be harder when the mod also clearly included +500% bonus damage?
Dude be playing NG+ over 50 times he’s actually in a wheel chair now from all the abuse 😭
Lmao! What is this shi*?!
He wheelie did it
I love this
I have mixed feelings about pluck of many. Maybe its better once you get that one thing but Im in NG+ and the dupes crowd the boss and I can't get an attack in edge wise
Joe, hand me the controller or I will tell Bonnie
Probably the most inclusive accessibility settings I've seen in a game.
