ign🤡 ================================================================================  评论列表:
It’s just a kasaya. track me Thats how i look when its time to clock out of work
Thats how i look when its time to clock out of work
I know it will he harder now that we are on top, but try to remember it is merely a kasaya awarded by a unrespectable source. The true value of BMW lies in the the millions who have enjoyed the game Did someone say KASAYA!? GUANGZHI! GUANGMOU! ABANDON MISSION!! Most underrated comment here Im actually playing this game right now in a kasaya This has been one of the most satisfying arcs to watch as a gamer. They tried so hard to kill excitement about BMW. This is the best game I've played this year (even more so than Shadow of the Erdtree). I am on NG+++ and looking forward to NG++++ with the Wukong stance unlocked. Still waiting to feel that burn out, after a solid month of playing i am still excited everytime I start up my PS5 IGN must feel like real losers now Gamers, game reviewers, game developers, game journalists.... Each bears a distinct root from birth, superior and inferior. None should disturb what's decided. Am I right? 王侯将相宁有种乎！ (Those kings, lords, generals, ministers, WERE THEY BORN SO?) A clever use of that line Their reviews are worth nothing, even more recently with them putting transformers one at 5/10. IGN’s articles have not been worth anything since the 2000’s. Only a few of their journalists were going against this game.  The rest of IGN is happy to write guides for this game and cash in on the traffic. Ive followed the guide for a lot of things. Pretty well detailed if i may say so. Frankly speaking, their feelings are as irrelevant as their review. Wukong stance was a little disappointing to me, because it only lasts for less than a minute and you have to build up 4 full focus points for it to activate. I was really hoping it was gonna be like a permanent thing and I could just Wukong through the game but nope :( I’m halfway through NG+ and having a blast. After I finished the game I started looking around for something new to play but ended up just starting NG+ instead. I feel that excitement too lol U are a real one bro ❤️🫶 If people on the sub hate IGN that much, then... who cares about the poll tbh? 用户已删除评论 What message? What are y’all on about People like to feel vindicated and the friends we made along the way we all know quality wise this game already takes GOTY no competition, what remains is seeing the awards integrity. Twirling baton minigames and a bloated open world killed the enjoyment of rebirth for me personally. Remake was a lot more enjoyable imo
Did someone say KASAYA!? GUANGZHI! GUANGMOU! ABANDON MISSION!! Most underrated comment here Im actually playing this game right now in a kasaya
GUANGZHI! GUANGMOU! ABANDON MISSION!!
Most underrated comment here
Im actually playing this game right now in a kasaya
This has been one of the most satisfying arcs to watch as a gamer. They tried so hard to kill excitement about BMW. This is the best game I've played this year (even more so than Shadow of the Erdtree). I am on NG+++ and looking forward to NG++++ with the Wukong stance unlocked. Still waiting to feel that burn out, after a solid month of playing i am still excited everytime I start up my PS5 IGN must feel like real losers now Gamers, game reviewers, game developers, game journalists.... Each bears a distinct root from birth, superior and inferior. None should disturb what's decided. Am I right? 王侯将相宁有种乎！ (Those kings, lords, generals, ministers, WERE THEY BORN SO?) A clever use of that line Their reviews are worth nothing, even more recently with them putting transformers one at 5/10. IGN’s articles have not been worth anything since the 2000’s. Only a few of their journalists were going against this game.  The rest of IGN is happy to write guides for this game and cash in on the traffic. Ive followed the guide for a lot of things. Pretty well detailed if i may say so. Frankly speaking, their feelings are as irrelevant as their review. Wukong stance was a little disappointing to me, because it only lasts for less than a minute and you have to build up 4 full focus points for it to activate. I was really hoping it was gonna be like a permanent thing and I could just Wukong through the game but nope :( I’m halfway through NG+ and having a blast. After I finished the game I started looking around for something new to play but ended up just starting NG+ instead. I feel that excitement too lol U are a real one bro ❤️🫶
IGN must feel like real losers now Gamers, game reviewers, game developers, game journalists.... Each bears a distinct root from birth, superior and inferior. None should disturb what's decided. Am I right? 王侯将相宁有种乎！ (Those kings, lords, generals, ministers, WERE THEY BORN SO?) A clever use of that line Their reviews are worth nothing, even more recently with them putting transformers one at 5/10. IGN’s articles have not been worth anything since the 2000’s. Only a few of their journalists were going against this game.  The rest of IGN is happy to write guides for this game and cash in on the traffic. Ive followed the guide for a lot of things. Pretty well detailed if i may say so. Frankly speaking, their feelings are as irrelevant as their review.
Gamers, game reviewers, game developers, game journalists.... Each bears a distinct root from birth, superior and inferior. None should disturb what's decided. Am I right? 王侯将相宁有种乎！ (Those kings, lords, generals, ministers, WERE THEY BORN SO?) A clever use of that line
王侯将相宁有种乎！ (Those kings, lords, generals, ministers, WERE THEY BORN SO?)
A clever use of that line
Their reviews are worth nothing, even more recently with them putting transformers one at 5/10.
IGN’s articles have not been worth anything since the 2000’s.
Only a few of their journalists were going against this game.  The rest of IGN is happy to write guides for this game and cash in on the traffic. Ive followed the guide for a lot of things. Pretty well detailed if i may say so.
Ive followed the guide for a lot of things. Pretty well detailed if i may say so.
Frankly speaking, their feelings are as irrelevant as their review.
Wukong stance was a little disappointing to me, because it only lasts for less than a minute and you have to build up 4 full focus points for it to activate. I was really hoping it was gonna be like a permanent thing and I could just Wukong through the game but nope :(
I’m halfway through NG+ and having a blast. After I finished the game I started looking around for something new to play but ended up just starting NG+ instead.
I feel that excitement too lol
U are a real one bro ❤️🫶
If people on the sub hate IGN that much, then... who cares about the poll tbh? 用户已删除评论 What message? What are y’all on about People like to feel vindicated
用户已删除评论 What message? What are y’all on about
What message? What are y’all on about
People like to feel vindicated
and the friends we made along the way
we all know quality wise this game already takes GOTY no competition, what remains is seeing the awards integrity. Twirling baton minigames and a bloated open world killed the enjoyment of rebirth for me personally. Remake was a lot more enjoyable imo
Twirling baton minigames and a bloated open world killed the enjoyment of rebirth for me personally. Remake was a lot more enjoyable imo
He is not just any monke He is a monkey with merit, a monkey that was made Buddha once None other than me, can challenge him to a duel. Look monke. I don't have a habit of fighting someone I've bested before... Here's my offer. If you lose, I'll take you to the Celestial Court. They will stay and level your mountain But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh? But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
He is a monkey with merit, a monkey that was made Buddha once None other than me, can challenge him to a duel. Look monke. I don't have a habit of fighting someone I've bested before... Here's my offer. If you lose, I'll take you to the Celestial Court. They will stay and level your mountain But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh? But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
None other than me, can challenge him to a duel. Look monke. I don't have a habit of fighting someone I've bested before... Here's my offer. If you lose, I'll take you to the Celestial Court. They will stay and level your mountain But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh? But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
Look monke. I don't have a habit of fighting someone I've bested before... Here's my offer. If you lose, I'll take you to the Celestial Court. They will stay and level your mountain But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh? But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
Here's my offer. If you lose, I'll take you to the Celestial Court. They will stay and level your mountain But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh? But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
They will stay and level your mountain But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh? But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge. And they will level your mountain nonetheless Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh?
Tsk, tsk, tsk, how tragic would that be, huh?
But if I lose, I shall certainly take revenge Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
Erlang Sheng being Erlang Sheng, just more evil. Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
Erlang Shen is acting here, Oscar worthy.
ign just delete votes and say 70% are bot votes. or say 70% of those votes are from china A vote is a vote tbh. Doesn't matter who the vote is Going off the definition of a bot, can a human be a bot? half as much coding but twice as elegant The interesting fact is that Chinese can’t access IGN due to the internet Wall
or say 70% of those votes are from china A vote is a vote tbh. Doesn't matter who the vote is Going off the definition of a bot, can a human be a bot? half as much coding but twice as elegant The interesting fact is that Chinese can’t access IGN due to the internet Wall
A vote is a vote tbh. Doesn't matter who the vote is Going off the definition of a bot, can a human be a bot? half as much coding but twice as elegant
Going off the definition of a bot, can a human be a bot? half as much coding but twice as elegant
half as much coding but twice as elegant
The interesting fact is that Chinese can’t access IGN due to the internet Wall
Let’s keep it up!!!!!
This would matter if ign mattered
Lemme just drop this pleasant update, cry about it IGN
IGN should quit journalism and be a Monke.
The lore alone won GOTY for me.
用户已删除评论 What happened with Death Stranding ? As he said, IGN immediately removed the nomination for Death Stranding after it received the most votes, citing a large amount of ballot stuffing. By the way,Death Stranding also has a score of 82 on Metacritic. Goes on to show that Metacritic scores don't really matter The best armored core game arguably is Armored Core For Answer, which has a metacritic of...67 but when Fromsoftware got popular with the souls games, and made the next Armored Core (AC6) it somehow got a score of 86, when the entire series had never broken 78 previously, a blatant example of how recency bias can affect game scores Ah. My favorite "walking simulator." Can't wait for DS2.
What happened with Death Stranding ? As he said, IGN immediately removed the nomination for Death Stranding after it received the most votes, citing a large amount of ballot stuffing. By the way,Death Stranding also has a score of 82 on Metacritic. Goes on to show that Metacritic scores don't really matter The best armored core game arguably is Armored Core For Answer, which has a metacritic of...67 but when Fromsoftware got popular with the souls games, and made the next Armored Core (AC6) it somehow got a score of 86, when the entire series had never broken 78 previously, a blatant example of how recency bias can affect game scores
As he said, IGN immediately removed the nomination for Death Stranding after it received the most votes, citing a large amount of ballot stuffing. By the way,Death Stranding also has a score of 82 on Metacritic. Goes on to show that Metacritic scores don't really matter The best armored core game arguably is Armored Core For Answer, which has a metacritic of...67 but when Fromsoftware got popular with the souls games, and made the next Armored Core (AC6) it somehow got a score of 86, when the entire series had never broken 78 previously, a blatant example of how recency bias can affect game scores
Goes on to show that Metacritic scores don't really matter The best armored core game arguably is Armored Core For Answer, which has a metacritic of...67 but when Fromsoftware got popular with the souls games, and made the next Armored Core (AC6) it somehow got a score of 86, when the entire series had never broken 78 previously, a blatant example of how recency bias can affect game scores
Ah. My favorite "walking simulator." Can't wait for DS2.
Is this a player vote based award? Cuz any awards that are, BMW will win by a landslide. Steam sales already tells you all you need to know. We have yet to light the beacon and call in the Chinese cavalry.
It’s easily GOTY in my opinion Surely unbiased opinion with that easily Next time trying using the word "opinion" like you actually know what it means. I have rebirth as my GOTY but wukong is a close second easily
Surely unbiased opinion with that easily Next time trying using the word "opinion" like you actually know what it means.
Next time trying using the word "opinion" like you actually know what it means.
I have rebirth as my GOTY but wukong is a close second
easily
I will keep watching, don't forget what happened to death stranding in 2019
Who cares? its from IGN
Ah, Monke
you are true the destined ones
Apes stronger together
The story telling and enjoyable gameplay is GOTY everybody chanting it ever since it debuted
Apes stronger together
Reminder that your hobbies do not require outside validation.
用户已删除评论
Who tf cares about IGN this Shit Store
Returning to monke has successfully conquered
I remember seeing a post yesterday about people dismissing this ranking saying that its ign (its actually community, tho). Now, today when this game is first, people are suddenly accepting it ? This sub is wild. If you actually read this post you will find most people are either trolling IGN or making funny comments (like the ones with ErLang). Not many are “accepting it”. IGN is still a joke.
If you actually read this post you will find most people are either trolling IGN or making funny comments (like the ones with ErLang). Not many are “accepting it”. IGN is still a joke.
What is this "we" won nonsense? You didn't make the game. Im so emotionally invested id say im a partner now Well, in the end the gamers make or break the game. Well, being part of this BMW community counts, too.
Im so emotionally invested id say im a partner now
Well, in the end the gamers make or break the game.
Well, being part of this BMW community counts, too.
I don't care about ign ratings, shit journalism company. Wukong is a great game, stuff we get once in 3 to 5 years and I am glad I bought it on release :)
IGN XD how can people even go there to vote when IGN review are litellary shits
We don’t care the award broooo. Enjoy the game
Rebirth was standing #1 for the past week and Wukong just shot up overnight from #5 beating even Elden Ring? What's going on? Well that’s the problem with polling: numbers can easily be swayed by enough dedicated people. And a small group of people can easily sway the votes because the quiz can be taken multiple times Edit: it’s sitting at 82% rn. “Totally legit” voting results Lol yeah numbers climbing to top overnight sure legit and no raging agenda and biased patriotism sure 😄
Well that’s the problem with polling: numbers can easily be swayed by enough dedicated people. And a small group of people can easily sway the votes because the quiz can be taken multiple times Edit: it’s sitting at 82% rn. “Totally legit” voting results Lol yeah numbers climbing to top overnight sure legit and no raging agenda and biased patriotism sure 😄
Lol yeah numbers climbing to top overnight sure legit and no raging agenda and biased patriotism sure 😄
For sure it's the GOTY
Better to win, but don't be sad if lose, it's just a kasaya
Don't celebrate early yet
Monke together strong.
get FUCKED IGN
Who cares about IGN. IGN didn't decide the winner of this poll, users did. Who cares what the medium is.
IGN didn't decide the winner of this poll, users did. Who cares what the medium is.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: theycalllmeTIM 点赞: 4 时间: 2024-09-22T13:55:25.289000+0000 内容: Apes stronger together
Duels?  What am I missing here
I don't consider IGN a reliable source of information anymore, but anyways for Wukong
Hell yeah
Now at 80%
I need the dlc, spider lady is waiting for me
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: SourcerorSoupreme 点赞: 6 时间: 2024-09-22T13:18:02.460000+0000 内容: Anyone calling this game easily GOTY is just emotionally attached to it. Level design, invisible walls, stutters, lighting; all of those detract from an otherwise great game. Lmao what. We are voting for GOTY. If you're not emotionally attached, then why are you voting? It's literally the whole point of the competition. You vote for what game you think is the best. Who are not emotionally attached to a game deserving of that title?
Lmao what. We are voting for GOTY. If you're not emotionally attached, then why are you voting? It's literally the whole point of the competition. You vote for what game you think is the best. Who are not emotionally attached to a game deserving of that title?
Amazing graphics but not GOTY overall. That goes to Rebirth so far. Hands down. Better game design, better story, more to do. I love Wukong but the combat isn't as responsive as others in the genre (Nioh, Elden Ring, etc) and the level design is very basic. It's a very enjoyable boss rush game and I greatly enjoy it. Doesn't come close to topping Rebirth, imho. I wouldn't say FFRB has a better level design nor more responsive combat.
I wouldn't say FFRB has a better level design nor more responsive combat.
🫡
I mean when I took it I basically was giving me a bunch of wukongs pair against games I've never heard of or just bad games In general. it's a good game but just a weird way of showing a prediction. I mean I'll choose wukongs over whatever animal well or satisfactory is but not over helldiver's 2 or space marine 2
I really liked Rebirth but I couldn't finish it. Too much padding imo. As a busy person, Wukong was directly to the point and adding some optional spicy paths.
A DLC shouldnt be on the list
Wtf how is final fantasy 2nd ? Dont get me wrong I love final fantasy games (even more when there is Sephiroth) the story was cool and all but the game was too much big with no content… main quests were awesome but side quest ect. were boring
Who ever voted for Hell divers is an idiot Relax What's your problem. People love the game as you love this game
Relax
What's your problem. People love the game as you love this game
On a side note I think wukong should win it this year hands down. SOTE shouldn't even be on this list since it's an expansion and I think typically expansions and dlc don't count right? SOTE was a solid 9/10 With you on this.  Think expansions and DLC's should have own award type for GOTY.
With you on this.  Think expansions and DLC's should have own award type for GOTY.
At least a stupid remake isn’t going to win, Wukong is definitely GOTY for me
This is changing much quicker than I thought. Just checked, Wukong's standing at 81.9% now and kept rising
come on guys, wukong doesn't need the "kasaya" to prove himself! Its the GOTY of ours, that's enough!
Excellent game but I prefer FF7 Rebirth, Sun Wukong is my second best game of the year
Such a good game
Its been a very bad year so far, not surprising
Update! :)
Currently playing as we speak and all imma say is you can’t spell IGNORANT without IGN. I’m so glad that gamers are waking up to all the bullsh*t that these “game journalists” aka activists spew out. We’re all tired of them forcing politics down our throats and we just wanna have fun and escape when we play games not be lectured to.
I've been wanting to play it but I will hold off until I can find a physical copy. Hopefully it'll get one. If not then I'll get it before the year ends but I'm willing to wait.
Proud monke
not really a flex winning on IGN. ITs a garbage source.
This is actually awesome, had waited for years for this game to come out. It's great to see that it reached #1 Think it's awesome to see this game getting more attention. Means there's more of a chance of a Black Myth Wukong 2 to come out. Maybe they'll include all 4 of them the next time and play out the Journey To The West.
When would the GOTY "deadline" be? Wouldn't wukong be winning currently, instead of already won?
I hope there will be more equipment and build options. Maybe let us play as the pig character. Combos with spirits. New moves, etc. Hope the DLCs will be more than just new bosses.
I always had faith the destined one would succeed. 😌
They will never let that happen lol
Is final fantasy that good? Hmm might give it a try Not worth playing if you are not a FF fan. Boring open world as it is…
Not worth playing if you are not a FF fan. Boring open world as it is…
Fuck IGN
This is the second 3rd game this year to really captivate me. Other 2 were spiderman ps2 and ff7 rebirth. I really love this game so glad to see it up top
Bro we know full well if it wasn’t ign then it’d be Spacemarine 2 up there in that spot. IGN is nobody to be giving games scores, they don’t know what video games are, too worried about politics.
Rebirth has 3xs as many faceoffs .. where black myth wukong only popped up less times to competer when i did the test so seems somethings off right off the bat
Why does the game below have 3x duels
Personally between SoT and Helldivers for me, but Wukong was great
版主已移除评论
I LOVE Wukong. Overall, its my personal game of the year. But Astro Bot is gonna win it this year and they deserve it. I just bought it recently and holy cow that is one of the most fun, joy filled games I have ever played.
I'm just glad it's not ER:SoET
用户已删除评论 Not until the DLC releases
Not until the DLC releases
When is the physical copy coming out?….
Fucke yea !!!
That chick who wrote the hit piece must be fuming, lol.
Sparking Zero around the corner homies…
I am kind of said since FF7 is also my favorite xD.
This is very undemocratic
Who’s we?
Im curious what ign did now lol
Fromsoft glazers gettin outta hand Like who would even include sote in the discussion, it was a dlc and this shit was mid af
I liked wukong a lot and it’s one of the only good games that came out this year but damn your against a dlc and a remake😂😂
Ff7 made it that high??
Fame cannot shackle HIM and neither shall it YOU. Just let it and let us embark on the journel to enlightenment.
Rip xbox
Playing the game rn. Had to take a break i did everything i could do in chapter 2 even the secret boss. Now to chapter 3 😭🎉
By .1% too lol
lfg
Corekeeper needs to be here
GOTY BABY!
Huh?
What did we win?
Shadow of the Erdtree isn't a game it's dlc.
I’m glad yall won. My old gaming ass can’t get past the first big creature 🤣👴🏼
Astro bot being so low is actually kinda sad
We?
Idk why shadow of the erdtree is even an option here
We ?! We made this game ?
Y'all acting like IGN killed ur mother 😭 yall gotta chill its just a game
版主已移除评论
What is this?
Better than SOTE okay lmfao
From outside the sub, I’m personally satisfied with Helldivers to even have made it to 4th place after all the stuff that went down. It does have a chance with the current revival, the next patch, and possibly the Illuminate faction being dropped somewhere around before winter holidays.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Slade_7018 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-22T22:04:56.970000+0000 内容: Guys, we .won%
This is obvious but how was Astro Bot not higher and how was Erdtree not lower? IGN has some weird rankings.
This game is pretty great. Not better than that ff7 rebirth but still loads of fun
Handsome monkey king
Finally LFG
We don't need this kasaya to prove anything
congratulation!
