================================================================================  评论列表:
Your boyfriend is very shameful. He should have used the Thrust Stance. track me He wanted to edge the boss first but it got out of hand Haha xd 🤣 He wanted to flick the beans!! Wait there are multiple beans? I always through there was one! Thus the plural form! 😂😂 "For extra pleasure" 😉 There’s more than one on giant frogs. You are good as far as humans go 😂 Hahahhaahahah This is the easiest side boss and I hate to be that guy Smash stance all the way, killed him first try. I believe you've missed the joke Maybe he just wanted to smash He indeed could've been alluding to killing it from the back🤔🫡 Smash or thrust. I would.
He wanted to edge the boss first but it got out of hand
Haha xd 🤣
He wanted to flick the beans!! Wait there are multiple beans? I always through there was one! Thus the plural form! 😂😂 "For extra pleasure" 😉 There’s more than one on giant frogs. You are good as far as humans go 😂
Wait there are multiple beans? I always through there was one! Thus the plural form! 😂😂 "For extra pleasure" 😉 There’s more than one on giant frogs. You are good as far as humans go 😂
Thus the plural form! 😂😂 "For extra pleasure" 😉
"For extra pleasure" 😉
There’s more than one on giant frogs. You are good as far as humans go 😂
Hahahhaahahah
This is the easiest side boss and I hate to be that guy
Smash stance all the way, killed him first try. I believe you've missed the joke Maybe he just wanted to smash He indeed could've been alluding to killing it from the back🤔🫡 Smash or thrust. I would.
I believe you've missed the joke Maybe he just wanted to smash He indeed could've been alluding to killing it from the back🤔🫡 Smash or thrust. I would.
Maybe he just wanted to smash He indeed could've been alluding to killing it from the back🤔🫡
He indeed could've been alluding to killing it from the back🤔🫡
Smash or thrust. I would.
What happened ? Why did it stop moving tho ? Some sort of bug ? And that dangling things are his ball lol ? According to him, this is where the boss is when you fly to the area. He just flew down on nimbus to get behind him and the boss didn't move, so he decided to love tap his nads to death. Imagine getting your nards lightly jiggled until you die (End of) Life goals I fucking audibly laughed at this haha Underrated comment oh yeah Risky link of the day This scene. Frightening Never again Death by too many Peter north nuts Absolutely not lol Na bro it's a frog not a bug 😂 You are what you eat Bug I think, I've used the same way. No its a frog
According to him, this is where the boss is when you fly to the area. He just flew down on nimbus to get behind him and the boss didn't move, so he decided to love tap his nads to death. Imagine getting your nards lightly jiggled until you die (End of) Life goals I fucking audibly laughed at this haha Underrated comment oh yeah Risky link of the day This scene. Frightening Never again Death by too many Peter north nuts Absolutely not lol
Imagine getting your nards lightly jiggled until you die (End of) Life goals I fucking audibly laughed at this haha Underrated comment oh yeah Risky link of the day This scene. Frightening Never again Death by too many Peter north nuts Absolutely not lol
(End of) Life goals I fucking audibly laughed at this haha Underrated comment
I fucking audibly laughed at this haha
Underrated comment
oh yeah Risky link of the day This scene. Frightening
Risky link of the day This scene. Frightening
This scene. Frightening
Never again
Death by too many Peter north nuts
Absolutely not lol
Na bro it's a frog not a bug 😂 You are what you eat
You are what you eat
Bug I think, I've used the same way.
No its a frog
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Farfelkugeln 点赞: 35 时间: 2024-09-08T10:08:10.689000+0000 内容:
Maidenless behavior
ball painful :( stop ittttttttt
I cannot tell you how much the leg clasp frustrated me
can you do me next
Yeah that frog a freak
ahem Ignore the end, nothing to see there. You brought a bong to the monkey party and you didnt share? SMH I said ignore the end, sir. I used to have one just like that. We called it The Grinch. Hell yeah good times clean your house Just moved in so give us 4-5 years to settle at least If you just moved in it shouldn’t be so cluttered lmao Mate, you don't know our circumstances and we didn't have time to mess about. Everything needed to be thrown from one place to the other in the space of 2 days and we don't have the funds to hire movers. Shit will get sorted in time.
You brought a bong to the monkey party and you didnt share? SMH I said ignore the end, sir. I used to have one just like that. We called it The Grinch. Hell yeah good times
I said ignore the end, sir. I used to have one just like that. We called it The Grinch. Hell yeah good times
I used to have one just like that. We called it The Grinch. Hell yeah good times
clean your house Just moved in so give us 4-5 years to settle at least If you just moved in it shouldn’t be so cluttered lmao Mate, you don't know our circumstances and we didn't have time to mess about. Everything needed to be thrown from one place to the other in the space of 2 days and we don't have the funds to hire movers. Shit will get sorted in time.
Just moved in so give us 4-5 years to settle at least If you just moved in it shouldn’t be so cluttered lmao Mate, you don't know our circumstances and we didn't have time to mess about. Everything needed to be thrown from one place to the other in the space of 2 days and we don't have the funds to hire movers. Shit will get sorted in time.
If you just moved in it shouldn’t be so cluttered lmao Mate, you don't know our circumstances and we didn't have time to mess about. Everything needed to be thrown from one place to the other in the space of 2 days and we don't have the funds to hire movers. Shit will get sorted in time.
Mate, you don't know our circumstances and we didn't have time to mess about. Everything needed to be thrown from one place to the other in the space of 2 days and we don't have the funds to hire movers. Shit will get sorted in time.
Why is it jiggling like dat?
That’s a mating call where I’m from
用户已删除评论 Live long enough and you'd try anything to feel something, I guess
Live long enough and you'd try anything to feel something, I guess
Definition of work smarter not harder
I'd be embarrassed to cheat like this in front of somebody especially my girlfriend I'm a guy so I just sympathised with the relentless bollock beating frog dude got. Not fussed with the cheating aspect honestly, BF just found a bug, that really the developers QA team should have discovered when play testing, and made use of it.
I'm a guy so I just sympathised with the relentless bollock beating frog dude got. Not fussed with the cheating aspect honestly, BF just found a bug, that really the developers QA team should have discovered when play testing, and made use of it.
Absolutely reprehensible. How does he sneak behind the boss? So I can warn the boys about this dishonourable tactic to ensure they never use it. He said he nimbused over where the boss was waiting and simply dropped down behind him. Maybe frog guy took it as an initiation for sexy times and didn't move in antici
He said he nimbused over where the boss was waiting and simply dropped down behind him. Maybe frog guy took it as an initiation for sexy times and didn't move in antici
hahaha! That is downright aweful. I now feel bad for these epic bosses. It didn't seem to hurt it much I guess maybe a slight tickle. Tickled him to death I can’t help but laugh at the sheer audacity 😂
Tickled him to death I can’t help but laugh at the sheer audacity 😂
I can’t help but laugh at the sheer audacity 😂
It looks like the BOSS is enjoying it
I feel that should be dealing a lot more damage
Thank god he did not make Wukong try the big head butt! What did I even imagine!! Happy frog noises
Happy frog noises
The Frog went - Harder Daddy
That’s bad the fact you need to cheese a mf frog is wild
If brother is struggling with the frog then he's gonna love the later bosses
Nothing dishonorable about clapping nuts. We all done it
Monke pauses near the end... Frog:  "I didn't say stop."
Fair enough.
It's a CRPG move, clever.
The frog was enjoying the spank
Spanked him
The frog is enjoying it though....
Thats a new move thats going into the bedroom
This..this is why you need to play Elden Ring first..this is maidenless behavior. He has played Elden Ring, I just asked him when it was he rage quit and he said it was at Malenia.
He has played Elden Ring, I just asked him when it was he rage quit and he said it was at Malenia.
Ahh the balls massage move
😂
Surprising he didn’t get kicked
The frog? Bro’s about to be in for a rough time 😭
Thrust stance with charged heavy 😂
Lol good one
The frog whisperer
I see Baws
This is not the way
用户已删除评论
I hope he bought him dinner first 😳
I noticed this was busted too lmao. Hilarious.
am I tripping or his HM and MP baar are way too low? Definitely, dude has done ZERO side quests/ found any of the upgrades 🫠
Definitely, dude has done ZERO side quests/ found any of the upgrades 🫠
this is literally "beat his ass" 🤣
版主已移除评论
I didn’t realize this frog had testicles Pendulous testicles
Pendulous testicles
I'm still stuck on the tiger vanguard
Super Cheek Clapper 5000
is this that stupid frog boss in chapter 6 who turns into stone?
Real talk does that staff spin actually do good damage? Cause I never used it to attack. Only to deflect projectiles It does not
It does not
Use whirling thrust😂
If your boyfriend is struggling against any of the frog bosses, I fear he may not be able to complete the game due to shear difficulty lol
Wait til your boyfriend gets to the Yaksha King bossfight. Great fun is coming to him
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: SauteedCashews 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-08T08:08:54.815000+0000 内容: Bro should just pay someone to beat it for him
You need to bonk him out of the stone phase or dodge and wait he'll turn back to his normal phase to kill it. Still hilarious your bf found this glitch by just dropping behind him before he even starts to interact lmao
Play to win the game. Ws and Ls that’s all there is.
Your boyfriend is not The Destined One
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Zarathz 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-08T08:53:21.418000+0000 内容: Dishonourable approach
A nice massage
Dishonorable
Going crazy on the monster cheeks is crazy work
No wonder he was getting punished, look at his health bar & stamina. Dude needs to backtrack ALOT
Boss: really strong winds today huh...
The Taco Bell taint thrasher.
Nice bong
版主已移除评论
Bad boss anyways lol. The stone/gold form mechanic that a few bosses had was just straight up unfun for me
Pigsy pretending to be Wukong, attacking like how he would.
Looks like the boss is enjoying it.
The green bong on the floor at the end. 😏
Would have been funny if he just got one shotted with those backwards kicks
It doesn’t matter if you win by an inch or a mile,winning is winning.
Ask the corpses of a thousand dead men about their honor.
Lmaoooooo
Boss has true Balls of Steel
It seems like your boyfriend is very experienced in playing from behind. Ironic considering he's a bottom
Ironic considering he's a bottom
Snuu Snuu
Don't be a gentleman give em the the ol slap and tickle
I can’t tell from the language, but what boss is that?
Brilliant
Yout bf must suck BC thats an Very easy boss
He wanted to get some escar hoe
Whatever the hell gets the job done. This dumb ass logic that by any means is 'dishonorable" is lame It's a f**king video game
That's nuts😭
I want to asss you a few questions
This is the toughest frog by far lol
Hahaha anything to get the job done. Similar to when I played other games and sniped the boys instead of getting up close and personal heh
This fight becomes cake with Spell Seal once you get the full Sun Wukong armor set and staff.
Your boyfriend has no honor. He lacks the spirit of a warrior Shame on him and his lineage, past, present and gods forbid... future
That's kinda sad.
If he can’t beat that dump him wtf 🤣
I get it though. This is the one boss that frustrated me the most lmfaooo
Your boyfriend is very DISHONORABLEEEEE
That boss will die happy
Smack that booty
No regerts
Smash
Gammamaru is typing...
Which boss and what chapter ima do that too
Hi
版主已移除评论
Bro, frogs suck. I absolutely love every other fight in this stupid hard fackin game. But after the xu dog frog fight in chapter 2 I haven't touched another frog fight. I know thats dumb, but they're like rune bears in elden ring, I just don't like em.
Some places make you pay money for that kind of treatment
As matt and shane would say very dishonroouble
A W is a W in my book.
Understandable, I too, hate the frogs. Disclaimer: I have beaten them, their moveset just fucking annoys me
Spank spam
版主已移除评论
Best cheek clapping god ever.
" Harder! " "What?" "What?"
I was expecting thrust stance but.... kinky
Valid
Ancient Art of Wang Bang
I did the same fucking thing, was tired of these frog bosses and cheesed him this way 😂
He be smacking that booty good haha
Why not use spell binder with that?
I tried this and it worked 🤣
Story says he is still hitting the boss's balls to this moment...
Good googley moogeley!! That slaps
Red flag ngl
Lmfaoo 🤣🤣🤣
You misspelled girlfriend
How do I get my girlfriend to do that?
Bro struggled on a frog yet got to chapter 6 how
Wha-What are you doing step-frog?
Washing his ass to death?
As I'm listening to burn it down by Linkin Park, the beginning of the track syncs up with the batterang on ones buttocks
Didn't know he had balls ha!
Try finger but hole. Oops, wrong game, sorry.
版主已移除评论
Damn, he's beating that thing's ass.
What the...
🤣🤣
Mana bar longer than health bar is wild
Clapping them cheeks, lol.
A…are those his balls?
You ever got your ass slapped so hard you died?
Not the nutcracker!
merked this dude 2nd try
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Zahir_rayhan , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Zahir_rayhan , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
