================================================================================  评论列表:
reject modernity embrace the monke !! track me
yes.. YES OF COURSE the true myth of monke is the monke's we make along the way. OH MY GOD IAM THE ONE PIECE.
btw Goku is literally the japanese pronunciation of 悟空 (Wukong) Came to say this! 孫悟空 Sun Wu Kong and Son Goku is the same thing, one in mandarin and one in Japanese that’s all. Fun fact, the God Wukong was fighting is Tien from Dragon Ball I think you meant, tien is based on the god that son wukong was fighting Yes Tien is inspired by Er Langshen Just as Goku is inspired by Wukong Erlang Shen. 二郎神。 Tien Shinhan (bald guy, goku friend) is similiar with Erlang Shen. it has 3 eyes. The pig, Goku Friend, also same with Pat Kai in JTW. The Bull and His Wife also exist in JTW. Yeah Chi Chi is based on the Iron Fan Princess No no, it's literally Tien. He just grew his hair out for this role 👍 So the monkey has a chance, perhaps, to become a super sayiin?  That would be cool. A golden haired monkey shooting laserbeams from his hands and teleporting abilities.
Came to say this! 孫悟空 Sun Wu Kong and Son Goku is the same thing, one in mandarin and one in Japanese that’s all.
Fun fact, the God Wukong was fighting is Tien from Dragon Ball I think you meant, tien is based on the god that son wukong was fighting Yes Tien is inspired by Er Langshen Just as Goku is inspired by Wukong Erlang Shen. 二郎神。 Tien Shinhan (bald guy, goku friend) is similiar with Erlang Shen. it has 3 eyes. The pig, Goku Friend, also same with Pat Kai in JTW. The Bull and His Wife also exist in JTW. Yeah Chi Chi is based on the Iron Fan Princess No no, it's literally Tien. He just grew his hair out for this role 👍
I think you meant, tien is based on the god that son wukong was fighting Yes Tien is inspired by Er Langshen Just as Goku is inspired by Wukong Erlang Shen. 二郎神。 Tien Shinhan (bald guy, goku friend) is similiar with Erlang Shen. it has 3 eyes. The pig, Goku Friend, also same with Pat Kai in JTW. The Bull and His Wife also exist in JTW. Yeah Chi Chi is based on the Iron Fan Princess No no, it's literally Tien. He just grew his hair out for this role 👍
Yes Tien is inspired by Er Langshen Just as Goku is inspired by Wukong Erlang Shen. 二郎神。 Tien Shinhan (bald guy, goku friend) is similiar with Erlang Shen. it has 3 eyes. The pig, Goku Friend, also same with Pat Kai in JTW. The Bull and His Wife also exist in JTW. Yeah Chi Chi is based on the Iron Fan Princess
Erlang Shen. 二郎神。
二郎神。
Tien Shinhan (bald guy, goku friend) is similiar with Erlang Shen. it has 3 eyes. The pig, Goku Friend, also same with Pat Kai in JTW. The Bull and His Wife also exist in JTW. Yeah Chi Chi is based on the Iron Fan Princess
Yeah Chi Chi is based on the Iron Fan Princess
No no, it's literally Tien. He just grew his hair out for this role 👍
So the monkey has a chance, perhaps, to become a super sayiin?  That would be cool. A golden haired monkey shooting laserbeams from his hands and teleporting abilities.
Goku rides a flying cloud just like Sun Wukong, the OG. Goku literally based of wukong and the name son goku is sun wukong but in japanese
Goku literally based of wukong and the name son goku is sun wukong but in japanese
He no gay. Just a good looking dog loving man. Kind of a narcissist though. Probably would look less gay if his third eye is fully open. Fear factor. "Wouldn't it be fun if I pluck your extra eye out for my snack and allow you to keep the other two?" Hardest line in the game so far. Only line in the game so far that makes sense lmao Well growing up in the west a lot of value is different from the east so it's understandable if you don't get it. Journey to the West disparaged Erlang Shen, he is much more noble in his other legends. The reason for this was this Ming Dynasty author and Chinese peasants really suffered under emperor Jiajing who was a drug addict by pursuing Taoist immortality exlixir that were just mercury Poison balls while ignore official duty for more than 20 years so he wrote the novel to ridicule all Taoist gods including Er lang shen, then elevated Buddhism. The good Erlang Shen are featured in the novels like Creation of Gods and Magic Lotus Lantern I've been playing games since I was 5 and have always enjoyed any game or other type of media I could get my hands on that referenced the East. I recognise names and characters so much from Black Myth Wukong that I've seen represented before in other things I've enjoyed. This has let me build up a general sense of many of these characters but I know to always take it with a grain of salt as all those different bits of media have their own take on things and when they finally get to me they are often triple translated. I love hearing bits of history and legend from people like yourselves who can cut to the core of things and let me know stuff like this.
Probably would look less gay if his third eye is fully open. Fear factor. "Wouldn't it be fun if I pluck your extra eye out for my snack and allow you to keep the other two?" Hardest line in the game so far. Only line in the game so far that makes sense lmao Well growing up in the west a lot of value is different from the east so it's understandable if you don't get it.
"Wouldn't it be fun if I pluck your extra eye out for my snack and allow you to keep the other two?" Hardest line in the game so far. Only line in the game so far that makes sense lmao Well growing up in the west a lot of value is different from the east so it's understandable if you don't get it.
Hardest line in the game so far. Only line in the game so far that makes sense lmao Well growing up in the west a lot of value is different from the east so it's understandable if you don't get it.
Only line in the game so far that makes sense lmao Well growing up in the west a lot of value is different from the east so it's understandable if you don't get it.
Well growing up in the west a lot of value is different from the east so it's understandable if you don't get it.
Journey to the West disparaged Erlang Shen, he is much more noble in his other legends. The reason for this was this Ming Dynasty author and Chinese peasants really suffered under emperor Jiajing who was a drug addict by pursuing Taoist immortality exlixir that were just mercury Poison balls while ignore official duty for more than 20 years so he wrote the novel to ridicule all Taoist gods including Er lang shen, then elevated Buddhism. The good Erlang Shen are featured in the novels like Creation of Gods and Magic Lotus Lantern I've been playing games since I was 5 and have always enjoyed any game or other type of media I could get my hands on that referenced the East. I recognise names and characters so much from Black Myth Wukong that I've seen represented before in other things I've enjoyed. This has let me build up a general sense of many of these characters but I know to always take it with a grain of salt as all those different bits of media have their own take on things and when they finally get to me they are often triple translated. I love hearing bits of history and legend from people like yourselves who can cut to the core of things and let me know stuff like this.
I've been playing games since I was 5 and have always enjoyed any game or other type of media I could get my hands on that referenced the East. I recognise names and characters so much from Black Myth Wukong that I've seen represented before in other things I've enjoyed. This has let me build up a general sense of many of these characters but I know to always take it with a grain of salt as all those different bits of media have their own take on things and when they finally get to me they are often triple translated. I love hearing bits of history and legend from people like yourselves who can cut to the core of things and let me know stuff like this.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: raylui34 点赞: 71 时间: 2024-08-23T19:51:20.505000+0000 内容: gay god had me dying This game is inclusive. 😂
This game is inclusive. 😂
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Nervous-Barnacle7474 点赞: 21 时间: 2024-08-23T21:11:30.834000+0000 内容: Monke mountain getting destroyed... I felt that one. 😞 Fun fact, the axe he used is literally called the Mountain-Cleaving Axe. Of course they don’t need to say its name when they can just show it cutting a fucking mountain in half. Chinese gods do be just out there murdering animals, destroying the environment. No wonder Monke doesn’t wanna hangout with them. They need Captain Planet. 🤣🤣
Fun fact, the axe he used is literally called the Mountain-Cleaving Axe. Of course they don’t need to say its name when they can just show it cutting a fucking mountain in half.
Chinese gods do be just out there murdering animals, destroying the environment. No wonder Monke doesn’t wanna hangout with them. They need Captain Planet. 🤣🤣
🤣🤣
Goku rides a cloud like Sun Wukong It called Nimbus Cloud（筋斗云）, the book describes Wukong can flies a country mile with it in a single somersault (一个跟斗，十万八千里） With one leap he can remain in the palm of Buddha’s hand, which is a lot further than it sounds They show his piss in the secret ending, I was dead. https://youtu.be/Hu0XosgxCyU?si=OeEfQMNqF3qVm4qH&t=1091 like the monkey king riding a cloud in Uproar in Heaven (1964)
It called Nimbus Cloud（筋斗云）, the book describes Wukong can flies a country mile with it in a single somersault (一个跟斗，十万八千里） With one leap he can remain in the palm of Buddha’s hand, which is a lot further than it sounds They show his piss in the secret ending, I was dead.
With one leap he can remain in the palm of Buddha’s hand, which is a lot further than it sounds They show his piss in the secret ending, I was dead.
They show his piss in the secret ending, I was dead.
https://youtu.be/Hu0XosgxCyU?si=OeEfQMNqF3qVm4qH&t=1091 like the monkey king riding a cloud in Uproar in Heaven (1964)
Peak fiction! No is fact, this happen can confirm i was the cloud
No is fact, this happen can confirm i was the cloud
can confirm i was the cloud
I drop the controller.. Regret.
He’s not gay, he’s just a handsome man He got called gay because he made OOP have gay feelings and that confused him 哥们别玻璃心好么，而且你拿的这张焦恩俊真的蛮gay的
He got called gay because he made OOP have gay feelings and that confused him
哥们别玻璃心好么，而且你拿的这张焦恩俊真的蛮gay的
monke wuju style
For anyone that doesnt know, Wukong doesnt ride the nimbus like Goku, Goku is inspired by Wukong
Abandon humanity, Return to Monke!
Mmm...monke
I'm just reading this in Bad Ape's voice from The Planet of the Apes movie. Uncanny.
I’m in tears laughing too! I had to snap on the picture so I could enlarge it to be able to see it through the tears in my eyes from laughing so hard. Thanks for sharing this one!
Just so you know, goku is based on wukong. Goku is actually the same exact kanji as wukong I know, you don't have to tell me that :)) :) :)
I know, you don't have to tell me that :)) :) :)
:) :)
absolute cinematography
Where is the path? Beneath your feet.
"Rides a freaking cloud like Goku" I yelled "NIMBUS!!!!" when that scene came We all did. It was just the right thing to do 💫
We all did. It was just the right thing to do 💫
Diversity. 用户已删除评论 I was commenting on the 'gay' part. Tongue in cheek. I don't think is funny at all though. I found it quite funny, that god does come across as a bit fruity Im gay, and im not like him. I’m like monke Unfortunately the world isn’t a nice place. And there are things everywhere that offend everyone in different ways. Especially online. Just because something offended you, doesn’t make you the victim. It just means you have a low tolerance for offensive things in the world. Some would call it sensitive. Some would call it soft or whatever. Regardless, you choose to be offended rather than ignore it. If someone joking offends you, turn the page and keep moving. It’s really that simple. If people can’t get past that and want the world around them to become safe before they can operate… good luck! Nothing offended me. 用户已删除评论 Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt monke!! I thought it was funny! Hard to think of Peewee Herman being tougher than the online generation...... Someone saying they didn’t think something was funny and then you getting offended and overreacting is the definition of acting like a snowflake. There’s a certain irony to the fact that the kind of people who say “snowflake” as a pejorative happen to be some of the most insecure, fragile, knee-jerk reactionaries on the internet… Some people think some things are funny, some don’t; get over it and stop projecting your insecurities on others. Wow. Ironic It’s just not a funny joke, dude…
用户已删除评论 I was commenting on the 'gay' part. Tongue in cheek. I don't think is funny at all though. I found it quite funny, that god does come across as a bit fruity Im gay, and im not like him. I’m like monke Unfortunately the world isn’t a nice place. And there are things everywhere that offend everyone in different ways. Especially online. Just because something offended you, doesn’t make you the victim. It just means you have a low tolerance for offensive things in the world. Some would call it sensitive. Some would call it soft or whatever. Regardless, you choose to be offended rather than ignore it. If someone joking offends you, turn the page and keep moving. It’s really that simple. If people can’t get past that and want the world around them to become safe before they can operate… good luck! Nothing offended me. 用户已删除评论 Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt monke!! I thought it was funny! Hard to think of Peewee Herman being tougher than the online generation...... Someone saying they didn’t think something was funny and then you getting offended and overreacting is the definition of acting like a snowflake. There’s a certain irony to the fact that the kind of people who say “snowflake” as a pejorative happen to be some of the most insecure, fragile, knee-jerk reactionaries on the internet… Some people think some things are funny, some don’t; get over it and stop projecting your insecurities on others. Wow. Ironic It’s just not a funny joke, dude…
I was commenting on the 'gay' part. Tongue in cheek. I don't think is funny at all though. I found it quite funny, that god does come across as a bit fruity Im gay, and im not like him. I’m like monke Unfortunately the world isn’t a nice place. And there are things everywhere that offend everyone in different ways. Especially online. Just because something offended you, doesn’t make you the victim. It just means you have a low tolerance for offensive things in the world. Some would call it sensitive. Some would call it soft or whatever. Regardless, you choose to be offended rather than ignore it. If someone joking offends you, turn the page and keep moving. It’s really that simple. If people can’t get past that and want the world around them to become safe before they can operate… good luck! Nothing offended me. 用户已删除评论 Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt monke!! I thought it was funny! Hard to think of Peewee Herman being tougher than the online generation...... Someone saying they didn’t think something was funny and then you getting offended and overreacting is the definition of acting like a snowflake. There’s a certain irony to the fact that the kind of people who say “snowflake” as a pejorative happen to be some of the most insecure, fragile, knee-jerk reactionaries on the internet… Some people think some things are funny, some don’t; get over it and stop projecting your insecurities on others. Wow. Ironic It’s just not a funny joke, dude…
I found it quite funny, that god does come across as a bit fruity Im gay, and im not like him. I’m like monke
Im gay, and im not like him. I’m like monke
Unfortunately the world isn’t a nice place. And there are things everywhere that offend everyone in different ways. Especially online. Just because something offended you, doesn’t make you the victim. It just means you have a low tolerance for offensive things in the world. Some would call it sensitive. Some would call it soft or whatever. Regardless, you choose to be offended rather than ignore it. If someone joking offends you, turn the page and keep moving. It’s really that simple. If people can’t get past that and want the world around them to become safe before they can operate… good luck! Nothing offended me.
Nothing offended me.
用户已删除评论 Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt monke!! I thought it was funny! Hard to think of Peewee Herman being tougher than the online generation...... Someone saying they didn’t think something was funny and then you getting offended and overreacting is the definition of acting like a snowflake. There’s a certain irony to the fact that the kind of people who say “snowflake” as a pejorative happen to be some of the most insecure, fragile, knee-jerk reactionaries on the internet… Some people think some things are funny, some don’t; get over it and stop projecting your insecurities on others. Wow. Ironic It’s just not a funny joke, dude…
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt monke!! I thought it was funny! Hard to think of Peewee Herman being tougher than the online generation......
Someone saying they didn’t think something was funny and then you getting offended and overreacting is the definition of acting like a snowflake. There’s a certain irony to the fact that the kind of people who say “snowflake” as a pejorative happen to be some of the most insecure, fragile, knee-jerk reactionaries on the internet… Some people think some things are funny, some don’t; get over it and stop projecting your insecurities on others.
Wow.
Ironic
It’s just not a funny joke, dude…
And then you turn into weak ass monkey Not weak, just newbie in the path of monke 😌
Not weak, just newbie in the path of monke 😌
"Gay God"... does he know that thing on his forehead is an eye?
OMG!!! I saw this one too! Loved it
Well that an interesting way to sum up the story. After seeing all the endings I wonder does Wukong still have his immortality?
Absolute cinema!🙌🏽🙌🏽
Me sad monke angry
I was still thinking whether I should buy a game or not, reading steam comments, saw this and just clicked purchase... True story. But I was already on 90% xD
Apesolute Cinema
Its written to be funny, thats the single purpose of it - steam awards. Immediately makes it unfunny and not authentic. Ppl are dumb these days i swear it's also just cringey bullshit in general
it's also just cringey bullshit in general
Read some parts of this as big Shaq... Just me?
The most normal review in Steam:
I’ve seen Hollywood action movies with weaker final battles than that opening. Game Science made a statement of intent and I think they succeeded massively.
It's actually Goku that rides the cloud like Wukong. Wukong is the OG.
this.... made you laugh? how?  why? Because unlike other people I like to laugh at joke... even smaller ones.
Because unlike other people I like to laugh at joke... even smaller ones.
How is this remotely funny in any way it deeply, truly is not.  I guess it's saturday so the elementary school kids are out in full force or something People have different senses of humour. No need to be an ass about it
it deeply, truly is not.  I guess it's saturday so the elementary school kids are out in full force or something People have different senses of humour. No need to be an ass about it
People have different senses of humour. No need to be an ass about it
500 hundred years ago gay would have meant cheerful
This subreddit is cringe af Yeah seriously what the fuck is going on, that review may as well just say "skibidi toilet" twelve times and everybody is like "haaw haw haw! geenius!"
Yeah
seriously what the fuck is going on, that review may as well just say "skibidi toilet" twelve times and everybody is like "haaw haw haw! geenius!"
Basket of deplorables
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Nudle101 点赞: 0 时间: 2024-08-25T21:50:22.596000+0000 内容: Shit wasn’t even funny bro you guys are spastics
Am Chinese, he is gay. Nobody likes him in all Chinese mythology.
Like a sequel O'Neal review
That had no business being as good as it was for sure
Master
Hahahahhaha
Anyone play monkey magic ps1? Reminds me of that
Hey does anyone know if you can get gold thread as a drop
why erlang shen is gay god? I can’t get it probably because of the hairstyle and the OP mistook his third eye as makeup
probably because of the hairstyle and the OP mistook his third eye as makeup
Absolutely delightful
"OH no" lol
This game… ive waited 5 years for this game😭 immensely satisfied😌
Wukong's master and apprentice will go through 81 difficulties to learn the scriptures, so they also need to fight 81 closing monsters.
drop controller after wandering wight, no?
it's bromance
😂😂😂😂
Practically Tolkienish, a true literature this is. It's meant to be a joke mate.
It's meant to be a joke mate.
The One Piece is real!
The 1st dragon ball anime was really very different compare to the rest, you can almost watch it as a stand alone imo. It was an adventure focused anime like Journey to the west. There was no super saiyan form, Goku's ultimate was turning into a giant monkey (like wukong). Toriyama kinda drop the adventure theme and turn dragon ball into a full fighting anime from dragon ball Z onwards.
🤣🤣🤣
Dude is this spoiler alert???
😂😂🤣💀💀
Yep , the character we are playing is not even Wukong, Wukong is dead already, even before the game started, and I am trying to find 5 relics to resurrect him. Now I get the meaning of the name of the game Black Myth: Wukong
Can someone explain why did Wukong lost his power when escaping the god and turned to stone? In the beginning it did not answer that action? The crown on his head his actually a way to control wukong. If something is chanted it shrinks and causes him extreme pain. I just saw the intro to the game idk if it’s explained at all.
The crown on his head his actually a way to control wukong. If something is chanted it shrinks and causes him extreme pain. I just saw the intro to the game idk if it’s explained at all.
Why is it a gay god
Only problem is Goku rides a cloud like Sun Wukong/Goku lol not the other way around. Wukong is the monkey king's name in Chinese and Goku is the monkey king's name in Japan. Dragonball is literally directly inspired by the Journey to the West(the book Black Myth Wukong gets its story from).
So, what exactly made monke lose bird form? I thought it was just some attack from Erlang that I didn't see, but this confirms it was something else. What happened then? The small crown on top of his head is like a cursed shackle that Wukong was tricked into wearing by the gods to limit his power. Without it, Wukong would be unsttopable.
The small crown on top of his head is like a cursed shackle that Wukong was tricked into wearing by the gods to limit his power. Without it, Wukong would be unsttopable.
Goku was based off the novel journey to the west Son Goku means Sun Wukong in mandarin chinese.
Son Goku means Sun Wukong in mandarin chinese.
No need to play then, if it's just  a dark souls clone with the dragonball story and some cultivation novel setting. (just kidding)
goddamit chinese wukong copying OG goku smh
版主已移除评论 Black myth Wukong subreddit is dedicated to the game and its connecting lore. We appreciate every detail and effort as well as the huge fan base this amassed. However any political talk regarding China or any other country is not allowed. Here we welcome players from anywhere around the world. And would not like to get political rules, figures or any discussion involved. Any post will result in a warning or ban depending on severity. Repeated offence will result in ban.
Black myth Wukong subreddit is dedicated to the game and its connecting lore. We appreciate every detail and effort as well as the huge fan base this amassed. However any political talk regarding China or any other country is not allowed. Here we welcome players from anywhere around the world. And would not like to get political rules, figures or any discussion involved. Any post will result in a warning or ban depending on severity. Repeated offence will result in ban.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: KingWizard37 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-25T14:18:22.660000+0000 内容: This is gold. They're right though, that intro cutscene went hard. I'm loving this game so far.
Goku rides cloud like monke* FTFY
二郎神is not gay god. He's what we would call metrosexual in today's context 🧖 This whole thing is a joke, we don't care if he's gay or not.
This whole thing is a joke, we don't care if he's gay or not.
embrace monke
90% of this review is written by a Chinese player I heard Edit: it's a joke, and a good one at that, I'm literally apeing on the morons that throw out the "muh 99% Chinese" thing to discredit anything related to this game lmao Only one of y'all knew my game, which was too good for most of y'all Chinese player saying Wukong looks like Goku lmao. Why do people like you make it seem like Chinese people are not homo sapiens. A review is a review, doesn't matter the language nor country. Furthermore, the game is no.1 is other countries other than China! Okay. So what? People just want monke goes brrrrr. Ape together stronger. 90% of my ass is eaten by your mom I heard What is your point? i feel the god gay for the first time in life They didn't get your joke, sorry bro Its written by an Indian. Obvious from the style of writing.
Chinese player saying Wukong looks like Goku lmao.
Why do people like you make it seem like Chinese people are not homo sapiens. A review is a review, doesn't matter the language nor country. Furthermore, the game is no.1 is other countries other than China!
Okay. So what? People just want monke goes brrrrr. Ape together stronger.
90% of my ass is eaten by your mom I heard
What is your point?
i feel the god gay for the first time in life
They didn't get your joke, sorry bro
Its written by an Indian. Obvious from the style of writing.
