================================================================================  评论列表:
The invisible wall at 34sec was a nice touch track me The little taps at the beginning too You obviously too low level for your own good.  All these perfect dodges dont do any good when you are just tickling the boss. :) Little taps are too cute Bro forgot the tornadoes like what the actual fuck was that. I only got to that part once so i know i was close to beating him. I turned off boss health hud  to challenge my self on my first play through 😭 I think that was on purpose to say you don't even get that far on your normal day. Your right it took me days to get that far and im still stuck on this boss to this very day. Plus I know im under leveled for this fight but im not giving up 😭😒 Get the wind chime
The little taps at the beginning too You obviously too low level for your own good.  All these perfect dodges dont do any good when you are just tickling the boss. :) Little taps are too cute
You obviously too low level for your own good.  All these perfect dodges dont do any good when you are just tickling the boss. :)
Little taps are too cute
Bro forgot the tornadoes like what the actual fuck was that. I only got to that part once so i know i was close to beating him. I turned off boss health hud  to challenge my self on my first play through 😭 I think that was on purpose to say you don't even get that far on your normal day. Your right it took me days to get that far and im still stuck on this boss to this very day. Plus I know im under leveled for this fight but im not giving up 😭😒 Get the wind chime
I think that was on purpose to say you don't even get that far on your normal day. Your right it took me days to get that far and im still stuck on this boss to this very day. Plus I know im under leveled for this fight but im not giving up 😭😒 Get the wind chime
Your right it took me days to get that far and im still stuck on this boss to this very day. Plus I know im under leveled for this fight but im not giving up 😭😒 Get the wind chime
Get the wind chime
Mistiming the roll, only to be killed the moment you go for a drink. You know this guy has been traumatised. I wonder if he did mad tiger yet lol.
I wonder if he did mad tiger yet lol.
When he spits out the blood 😂
I love that bee What's the new reference? Sha-bi (pronounced bee) translated literally means dumb c*nt in Mandarin, with sha 傻 meaning silly/dumb/stupid :] these days it's used like "dumbass". So it's a pun on "dumb bee" The bag at the end is deep too.  Not sure what else it says in Chinese. 1/6th of great sage equal to heaven’s body hair. 1/6 because he’s only got 1 out 6 relics so far.
What's the new reference? Sha-bi (pronounced bee) translated literally means dumb c*nt in Mandarin, with sha 傻 meaning silly/dumb/stupid :] these days it's used like "dumbass". So it's a pun on "dumb bee" The bag at the end is deep too.  Not sure what else it says in Chinese. 1/6th of great sage equal to heaven’s body hair. 1/6 because he’s only got 1 out 6 relics so far.
Sha-bi (pronounced bee) translated literally means dumb c*nt in Mandarin, with sha 傻 meaning silly/dumb/stupid :] these days it's used like "dumbass". So it's a pun on "dumb bee" The bag at the end is deep too.  Not sure what else it says in Chinese. 1/6th of great sage equal to heaven’s body hair. 1/6 because he’s only got 1 out 6 relics so far.
The bag at the end is deep too.  Not sure what else it says in Chinese. 1/6th of great sage equal to heaven’s body hair. 1/6 because he’s only got 1 out 6 relics so far.
Not them got slap out like a mosquito after pole dancing on the staff 😭😭 Hidden skill.  Pole dance.  Hella funny.  Didn’t know Chinese social media meme this good. China has 5x the population than US.  5x the talents, but 5x the trolls too. That’s the Sweeping Gale skill.
Hidden skill.  Pole dance.  Hella funny.  Didn’t know Chinese social media meme this good. China has 5x the population than US.  5x the talents, but 5x the trolls too. That’s the Sweeping Gale skill.
China has 5x the population than US.  5x the talents, but 5x the trolls too.
That’s the Sweeping Gale skill.
Literally me in tiger vanguard fight I said the same thing LMAO. Tiger had me ready to destroy the whole house. You haven't met his brother, yet, have you? x_x Man don’t say that to me.. Thankfully he's optional Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol I fight that guy for fun now whenever I visit him. Bitch has thrown away about a baker's dozen swords at this point. Oh. Yin Tiger isn't related to Tiger Vanguard ~ I was talking about Tiger Vanguard's brother... I’m so glad this wasn’t just me I finished the game and honestly until the final boss only the boss from the 2nd chapter was kinda tough for me. For the tiger he only really has like 4 or 5 attack patterns which are super easy to dodge. When he’s far away and pulls his sword out he will do whirlwinds and air slashes, just full sprint the entire phase. The whirlwinds dissipate when they hit the edge of the pool too. For his normal attacks he does fast attacks where you can usually comfortably spam the second dodge and then he has a slow strong mid air attack. Here you have to be patient, just don’t stress and keep your nerves and you’ll dodge it also easily Then he turns to stone. Here take some distance, he will just do a quick attack, you can usually prepare for any signal whether it’s a sound or visual and then immediately dodge left or right. Finally up close slashes, they are horizontal so we dodge… backwards! Easy. I beat him on the second try rather comfortably, plus you got all your spells to spam. Don’t forget to use them and stun him. Also don’t use heavy attacks unless you got advantage or the second focus point. Finally best stance for me was the second one where you are on top of your staff. Best of luck bro When i finally beat him i was pissed at how fast it went lol Ah you already got it lmao. Yeah once you have the hang of it he kinda melts quickly Tiger wasn’t as hard as yellow saga to me I guess we’ll find out finally beat him
I said the same thing LMAO. Tiger had me ready to destroy the whole house. You haven't met his brother, yet, have you? x_x Man don’t say that to me.. Thankfully he's optional Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol I fight that guy for fun now whenever I visit him. Bitch has thrown away about a baker's dozen swords at this point. Oh. Yin Tiger isn't related to Tiger Vanguard ~ I was talking about Tiger Vanguard's brother... I’m so glad this wasn’t just me I finished the game and honestly until the final boss only the boss from the 2nd chapter was kinda tough for me. For the tiger he only really has like 4 or 5 attack patterns which are super easy to dodge. When he’s far away and pulls his sword out he will do whirlwinds and air slashes, just full sprint the entire phase. The whirlwinds dissipate when they hit the edge of the pool too. For his normal attacks he does fast attacks where you can usually comfortably spam the second dodge and then he has a slow strong mid air attack. Here you have to be patient, just don’t stress and keep your nerves and you’ll dodge it also easily Then he turns to stone. Here take some distance, he will just do a quick attack, you can usually prepare for any signal whether it’s a sound or visual and then immediately dodge left or right. Finally up close slashes, they are horizontal so we dodge… backwards! Easy. I beat him on the second try rather comfortably, plus you got all your spells to spam. Don’t forget to use them and stun him. Also don’t use heavy attacks unless you got advantage or the second focus point. Finally best stance for me was the second one where you are on top of your staff. Best of luck bro When i finally beat him i was pissed at how fast it went lol Ah you already got it lmao. Yeah once you have the hang of it he kinda melts quickly
You haven't met his brother, yet, have you? x_x Man don’t say that to me.. Thankfully he's optional Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol I fight that guy for fun now whenever I visit him. Bitch has thrown away about a baker's dozen swords at this point. Oh. Yin Tiger isn't related to Tiger Vanguard ~ I was talking about Tiger Vanguard's brother...
Man don’t say that to me.. Thankfully he's optional Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
Thankfully he's optional Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
Nah now i have to find him. Self torture is my thing with this game lol Heh. Good luck. You need to first kill a boss whose name should clue you in, and then look around for certain areas. You'll get visual hints when you're in the right area. 👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
👍🏾 thanks.. I’ll have my Tylenol and beer next to the ps5 tomorrow. Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
Fight his brother later in the game, he’s so much easier once you level up. When I found out about him I was already at level 92 or so, got him in one go. Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
Damn!! 😂 payback is a bitch. Lol
I fight that guy for fun now whenever I visit him. Bitch has thrown away about a baker's dozen swords at this point. Oh. Yin Tiger isn't related to Tiger Vanguard ~ I was talking about Tiger Vanguard's brother...
Oh. Yin Tiger isn't related to Tiger Vanguard ~ I was talking about Tiger Vanguard's brother...
I’m so glad this wasn’t just me
I finished the game and honestly until the final boss only the boss from the 2nd chapter was kinda tough for me. For the tiger he only really has like 4 or 5 attack patterns which are super easy to dodge. When he’s far away and pulls his sword out he will do whirlwinds and air slashes, just full sprint the entire phase. The whirlwinds dissipate when they hit the edge of the pool too. For his normal attacks he does fast attacks where you can usually comfortably spam the second dodge and then he has a slow strong mid air attack. Here you have to be patient, just don’t stress and keep your nerves and you’ll dodge it also easily Then he turns to stone. Here take some distance, he will just do a quick attack, you can usually prepare for any signal whether it’s a sound or visual and then immediately dodge left or right. Finally up close slashes, they are horizontal so we dodge… backwards! Easy. I beat him on the second try rather comfortably, plus you got all your spells to spam. Don’t forget to use them and stun him. Also don’t use heavy attacks unless you got advantage or the second focus point. Finally best stance for me was the second one where you are on top of your staff. Best of luck bro When i finally beat him i was pissed at how fast it went lol Ah you already got it lmao. Yeah once you have the hang of it he kinda melts quickly
When i finally beat him i was pissed at how fast it went lol Ah you already got it lmao. Yeah once you have the hang of it he kinda melts quickly
Ah you already got it lmao. Yeah once you have the hang of it he kinda melts quickly
Tiger wasn’t as hard as yellow saga to me I guess we’ll find out finally beat him
I guess we’ll find out finally beat him
lmao ok that's pretty good. I just got to this boss... Lord beer me strength. Me too. It's the first time in the game where I have 2 bosses to fight and currently feel like I have zero chance of beating either of them. I've actually decided to go back to find some of the optionals I've missed from earlier chapters so I can level a bit before I come back here. It's this guy and Yellow Loong. I just beat him tonight! It's possible! You can do it! Reddit is so weird. Lord Beer Me Strength, I just watched the epsiode containing that reference not even ten minutes ago
Me too. It's the first time in the game where I have 2 bosses to fight and currently feel like I have zero chance of beating either of them. I've actually decided to go back to find some of the optionals I've missed from earlier chapters so I can level a bit before I come back here. It's this guy and Yellow Loong. I just beat him tonight! It's possible! You can do it!
I just beat him tonight! It's possible! You can do it!
Reddit is so weird. Lord Beer Me Strength, I just watched the epsiode containing that reference not even ten minutes ago
You forgot the part where all you have to do is defeat the boss of the secret area in this chapter. You then get a vessel that makes this boss fight embarrassingly easy. Also getting Loongwreath Staff. I was stuck on Yellow Wind Sage for the longest time, then I got the Loongwreath staff and beat him on my first try. That’s exactly what happened to me word-for-word 😂 Wind tamer lol Thanks for this comment, I'm on yellow wind sage at the moment and didn't put 2+2 together that this is what the vessel is for!
Also getting Loongwreath Staff. I was stuck on Yellow Wind Sage for the longest time, then I got the Loongwreath staff and beat him on my first try. That’s exactly what happened to me word-for-word 😂
That’s exactly what happened to me word-for-word 😂
Wind tamer lol
Thanks for this comment, I'm on yellow wind sage at the moment and didn't put 2+2 together that this is what the vessel is for!
Lol, love the pun!  Good work
I felt the useless roll back before the enemy charged attack
Dialogues in Chinese novel: oh by the cloud, what wind blows you my way, you must forgive me, but I shall be impolite and will not hold back on you. Dialogues in reality: Hey hey HEY... MotherF, I am gonna kick your ass.
For people who don’t know Chinese, you have no idea how funny the ending is “Sabbiiiii” Also the (dumb)bee turning into a bag labeled "Great Sage HAIR" was PRIME 💀 I burst out laughing lol It has the translation of "idiot" in English. That doesn’t really give the scope of the word and how funny it is at all. Is it because he says "bee"? I answered this in another comment https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/NbcfGmRnec Ya, that’s why he thinks it’s funny. No, it’s not really that funny. Dont 🐝 lame. Part of it, but as the other comment posted to you it’s that shabi is a lot worse than just saying “idiot” Even with that, language context is different as well, while in English calling someone a cunt or dumbass isn’t exactly “funny” but saying shabi in Chinese just hits different
Also the (dumb)bee turning into a bag labeled "Great Sage HAIR" was PRIME 💀
I burst out laughing lol
It has the translation of "idiot" in English. That doesn’t really give the scope of the word and how funny it is at all. Is it because he says "bee"? I answered this in another comment https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/NbcfGmRnec Ya, that’s why he thinks it’s funny. No, it’s not really that funny. Dont 🐝 lame. Part of it, but as the other comment posted to you it’s that shabi is a lot worse than just saying “idiot” Even with that, language context is different as well, while in English calling someone a cunt or dumbass isn’t exactly “funny” but saying shabi in Chinese just hits different
That doesn’t really give the scope of the word and how funny it is at all. Is it because he says "bee"? I answered this in another comment https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/NbcfGmRnec Ya, that’s why he thinks it’s funny. No, it’s not really that funny. Dont 🐝 lame. Part of it, but as the other comment posted to you it’s that shabi is a lot worse than just saying “idiot” Even with that, language context is different as well, while in English calling someone a cunt or dumbass isn’t exactly “funny” but saying shabi in Chinese just hits different
Is it because he says "bee"? I answered this in another comment https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/NbcfGmRnec Ya, that’s why he thinks it’s funny. No, it’s not really that funny. Dont 🐝 lame. Part of it, but as the other comment posted to you it’s that shabi is a lot worse than just saying “idiot” Even with that, language context is different as well, while in English calling someone a cunt or dumbass isn’t exactly “funny” but saying shabi in Chinese just hits different
I answered this in another comment https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/NbcfGmRnec
Ya, that’s why he thinks it’s funny. No, it’s not really that funny. Dont 🐝 lame.
Part of it, but as the other comment posted to you it’s that shabi is a lot worse than just saying “idiot” Even with that, language context is different as well, while in English calling someone a cunt or dumbass isn’t exactly “funny” but saying shabi in Chinese just hits different
Omg the premature roll.
This is high quality
That is exactly how my fight went. thanks for the laugh lol! It made my day.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 me on Tiger Vanguard
The amount of times I went to execute a heavy attack and ended up spinning around my staff and wasting a point, infuriating. Also did anyone have issues with consumables? I'd trigger them but he'd do nothing, happened so many times. I believe the game doesn't let you queue actions, so if you press a button in the middle of an animation, it won't register. Kind of the opposite to fighting games. To counter this, I've been spamming the button around 3 times until the animation starts, but if you keep spamming it after, you risk the double drink. I had the same issue. Honestly the gourd also seems to be really fussy. Sometimes I’m hitting the gourd or pellets and I’m just standing there like “la la la”
I believe the game doesn't let you queue actions, so if you press a button in the middle of an animation, it won't register. Kind of the opposite to fighting games. To counter this, I've been spamming the button around 3 times until the animation starts, but if you keep spamming it after, you risk the double drink.
I had the same issue. Honestly the gourd also seems to be really fussy. Sometimes I’m hitting the gourd or pellets and I’m just standing there like “la la la”
Sometimes I’m hitting the gourd or pellets and I’m just standing there like “la la la”
Big... Boss... Hey hey HEY
Hey hey HEY
The destined one always coming in on that monkey business
It's funny seeing all these memes about Yellow Wind Sage. I think I was just way too over leveled when I first fought him because it only took me 2 tries to get him. I did have the wind tamer so that helped in the second phase. But he wasn't super difficult besides that. Either way, early on I was just flailing around doing moves that accomplished nothing so I get it lol I didn't find him that intimidating either.  I got more pissed off with Vanguard Tiger. Beat him on maybe 5th try without Windtamer. Nothing more shocked than finding out I has been dodging into the invisible wall. Oof I hear you on Vanguard Tiger. He was the first real skill check I had in the game. I probably died at least 7 or 8 times. Like I had to play really differently than I normally would to get him. And those invisible walls are definitely a problem For me it was yin tiger and yellow Loong. Both almost made me quit for the day For me it was the opposite, I breezed through Vanguard but had to cheese Yellow Wind with cloud step and charged heavy attacks
I didn't find him that intimidating either.  I got more pissed off with Vanguard Tiger. Beat him on maybe 5th try without Windtamer. Nothing more shocked than finding out I has been dodging into the invisible wall. Oof I hear you on Vanguard Tiger. He was the first real skill check I had in the game. I probably died at least 7 or 8 times. Like I had to play really differently than I normally would to get him. And those invisible walls are definitely a problem For me it was yin tiger and yellow Loong. Both almost made me quit for the day For me it was the opposite, I breezed through Vanguard but had to cheese Yellow Wind with cloud step and charged heavy attacks
Oof I hear you on Vanguard Tiger. He was the first real skill check I had in the game. I probably died at least 7 or 8 times. Like I had to play really differently than I normally would to get him. And those invisible walls are definitely a problem For me it was yin tiger and yellow Loong. Both almost made me quit for the day
For me it was yin tiger and yellow Loong. Both almost made me quit for the day
For me it was the opposite, I breezed through Vanguard but had to cheese Yellow Wind with cloud step and charged heavy attacks
Who made this? It's perfect!
There’s actually a Chinese pun to it. In the end the headless guy says ShaBee. Which basically means “idiot” (literally stupid pussy in Chinese). But Sha (idiot), sounds really similar to Sha (sand) And Bi (bee), sounds really similar to bi, (vagina).
Hate that fight
This is hilarious 😂
Absolutely awesome lol
YES!!!!! It seems like every time I try to use the gourd they attack. It's almost as if the devs have it programmed that when you use it they will try and attack.
I just fucked his shit up in NG+ as therapy from the first time around
omg I can't fuckin breath hahahaha everything it's just perfect
Bro im stuck in that Boss for 2 weeks, any advice? Do you have the wind charm from the yellow squire side quest?
Do you have the wind charm from the yellow squire side quest?
This boss sucked, but the scorpion lord? That shit made me rage quit, luckily sleeping and going back took me three tries. But good lord that boss...
Bro took 2 years to do all that damage? Some people have all the skills in the world!7 YEARS LATER AND i'M STILL IN THE VILLAGE OF BLOODBOURNE
Right when you get ended by one of his crazy random big attacks that you thought you dodged with enough time and anticipation. “Master, your foul disciple has bested the monkey once again, open your eyes and BEHOLD!!!!!
Super easy to stagger and knock down. Much easier than what people hype it up as. Use varied combo, and wandering wright. Only use pluck of many as a finisher when he’s down and have low health.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The number of times I die because this game can't handle 2 buttons being pushed in close proximity to each other is beyond frustrating. Like, I'll dodge and press heavy attack to start charging only to see this asshole just standing on screen, not charging shit. Or you will press try drinking from the gourd only to have to press the button again for it to work. And that's without all of the bosses and their bullshit. I do hope this is something that fix. I feel so stupid pressing buttons and having nothing register. Not fun at all.
I do hope this is something that fix. I feel so stupid pressing buttons and having nothing register. Not fun at all.
I don’t get it this boss was easy? I’ve never played a souls like game, (technically I’m playing Elden ring now but I started after platinum wukong) idk I beat this boss first try or maybe second idk but it wasn’t bad if u use your vessel that ur supposed for the wind and got a decent staff and armor and actually upgraded ur gourd and use curios w wondering weight you’ll decimate him 🤷🏼‍♂️
This is awesome because I'm stuck on this boss right now haha
😂😂😂😂😂
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Ggwpez
That’s currently me
Fuckin laughing my ass off
LOL sha BEE
that load time for heavy attacks KILLS ME.
傻逼 sha3 bi1 or ‘BEE,’ : stupid cunt!
Its funny how people struggled so much with this boss, yet my GF who never played a game before in her life did this boss just fine after just a few tries
I'm currently stuck on this fucker lol
Im currently stuck in this boss so this brought me joy. Thank you friend
Got a bunch of moments when Yellow Loong attacked at the same time as I did, the result was the true anime weapon clash
I laughed way to hard at this 😭
傻 BEE
I beat him on first try  but I did have the wind charm. And was level 42. I'm not sure if im overleveled or not for end of chapter 2
I was hoping he would pull out one of those old jugs with the 3 X’s on it. I just keep forgetting the destined one is basically just an alcoholic
“heavy baton” I felt that with every 1st attempt I do on a boss I lag so much and it’s beginning to drive me crazy I couldn’t stop lagging when fighting the white dragon on top of the turtle 😭 made it so much harder
Amazing. Felt like a Carbot Animation too
Yellow rat and Cyan long were a pain to beat
Not Goku going ss3 😂
This is so insanely accurate, especially the slow response and long animation😂😂😂
The bee doing pole dancing is so funny... 😂😂🤣🤣
版主已移除评论 Hello u/ProfessionalCamel849 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/ProfessionalCamel849 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hooooly moly this is gold lmao nice
I find it funny that everyone universaly agrees that this fight was incredibly dicficult while i raided his arse on first try. I found him pretty disappointing considering what other bosses you fought in this chapter
Thanks This was the funniest thing I seen all day. This is the game for me in a nutshel.
That mid smash interruption hit too close to home🥲
Really is LOL Had a pretty tough time with this boss for a little bit.
Me against Yellow Loong
I don't even know why this boss is giving this sub so much trouble. This guy wasn't hard. Now mf Blue loong and yellow loong, those dudes can fuck right off and pagoda boss pre nerf
I spent about 5 days on this boss.
God damn, needed that laugh. This was exactly how it went for me 😂💀💀💀
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.
u/SaveVideo View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
I forgot how meny atteemps this took me but it was Less then 30 fun fight 1 of the hand fuil of bosses I needed to really try on so far.
Who made this?  Lmao!
I’m stuck on him rn
Get his ass lil bee dude
Lmao
I’m stuck on this boss rn (haven’t touched the game in a while) and this gave me a good laugh. Glad to know I wasn’t the only one that struggled with this fucking rat
the loading whilst charge attacks pinging had me losing it "S LMAO
I dont know why he is a bee and I dont want to know. I love this :D
More of this plz
Is that the new Wukong game? haha
Accurato.
Love the added touch of the heavy attack charge-stance taking a second to load ON TOP of it loading the heavy attack itself. Had this problem when I downloaded Black Myth on my Harddrive. Moved it over to my M.2 and I never saw that issue again
FUCKKKKKKKKK
Screw the yellow wind sage man it took me 2 freaking days
Yellow wind saga smh
Do the boars quest and get the item from the boss of the secret area. Literal game changer and it counters the yellow sages annoying move set.
I’m 🤣
Okay so I’ve been considering purchasing this game and I was wondering if it is as hard as a dark souls game or naw? Because Elden Ring almost crushed my spirits. Not nearly as hard.
Not nearly as hard.
I just beat the game with the true ending and still one of the hardest boss for me 😂
It didn't for me wind sage was to predictable. already beat the game at 55 hours hardest boss for me was erlang
Is it some sort of series or a one-off meme?
