There is 0 chance that barbatos would be the weakest archon ================================================================================  评论列表:
What do you mean, Kusanali has always been the Dendro Archon? track me Ikr there's only one dendro archon Lesser Lord Kusanali aka Nahida Kinda weird that Lesser Lord implicating the existence of a Greater Lord. But who am I to question how an Archon decide her titles. Serious talk, I think the localization team dropped the ball on Dendro Archon's title. The chinese title translated verbatim would be "little lucky grass monarch", that's why the first time it was mentioned, Paimon said Dendro Archon's title sounds cute. In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something Boss Baby Kusanali Yeah that would be way better and make more sense. Yeah, Lesser Lord sounds disrespectful in my opinion, not cute Little Lord Kusanali Now, THAT's some real cute title. Really dropped the ball indeed It's not that hard. Kusanali has existed in two states, and her transition is well-known. She is at all times Lord Kusanali. The Lord Kusanali she was before she lost her powers and memories was Greater than the Lord she is now. Greater Lord Kusanali refers to Nahida before that transition. Lesser Lord Kusanali refers to what she is now. Ok but “Lesser Lord” kinda drove home the point of how the locals kinda hated her for replacing the previous archon, i think its more fitting this way if they gave her an uglier name She's not the lesser lord. She's a lord who's really short, so lesser. That still makes sense. For the world now, Lesser Lord Kusanali lost her power and memories after the Catacalysm. Lesser lord is the title given by the rogue academia isn't it? Have Nahida considered changing her title to Just-right Lord? After the Cataclysm, it became increasingly obvious; she could deny it no longer! She smol. Does she care though? Or worse, does she think she deserves it? A minor gripe I have about the globalisation: 小吉祥草王's literal translation is small/little auspicious grass king/lord and 大慈樹王 is great merciful/kind king/lord, and doesn't connote one to be lesser or the other to be greater. It certainly wouldn't have been implied for there to be an other to begin with. Maybe Little Lord Kusenali would have been more fitting? I dunno It's a weird choice considering the connotations we have in English, but this was a topic way back when Lesser Lord was first mentioned in-game; "lesser" gets used on plants and birds that are just small and have no "greater" counterpart, and the term "lesser" doesn't always imply there are better options. All of that being said, I like the choice of using Lesser since it goes with both versions of Nahida being found and imprisoned. The authorities straight-up hated her for being smaller and less powerful than Rukkha/her pre-cataclysm form. no no no. lesser lord is because she's still small . Here we go , the Teyvat native Who that Holy shit, this guy might've gotten a bit too much erased
Ikr there's only one dendro archon Lesser Lord Kusanali aka Nahida Kinda weird that Lesser Lord implicating the existence of a Greater Lord. But who am I to question how an Archon decide her titles. Serious talk, I think the localization team dropped the ball on Dendro Archon's title. The chinese title translated verbatim would be "little lucky grass monarch", that's why the first time it was mentioned, Paimon said Dendro Archon's title sounds cute. In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something Boss Baby Kusanali Yeah that would be way better and make more sense. Yeah, Lesser Lord sounds disrespectful in my opinion, not cute Little Lord Kusanali Now, THAT's some real cute title. Really dropped the ball indeed It's not that hard. Kusanali has existed in two states, and her transition is well-known. She is at all times Lord Kusanali. The Lord Kusanali she was before she lost her powers and memories was Greater than the Lord she is now. Greater Lord Kusanali refers to Nahida before that transition. Lesser Lord Kusanali refers to what she is now. Ok but “Lesser Lord” kinda drove home the point of how the locals kinda hated her for replacing the previous archon, i think its more fitting this way if they gave her an uglier name She's not the lesser lord. She's a lord who's really short, so lesser. That still makes sense. For the world now, Lesser Lord Kusanali lost her power and memories after the Catacalysm. Lesser lord is the title given by the rogue academia isn't it? Have Nahida considered changing her title to Just-right Lord? After the Cataclysm, it became increasingly obvious; she could deny it no longer! She smol. Does she care though? Or worse, does she think she deserves it? A minor gripe I have about the globalisation: 小吉祥草王's literal translation is small/little auspicious grass king/lord and 大慈樹王 is great merciful/kind king/lord, and doesn't connote one to be lesser or the other to be greater. It certainly wouldn't have been implied for there to be an other to begin with. Maybe Little Lord Kusenali would have been more fitting? I dunno It's a weird choice considering the connotations we have in English, but this was a topic way back when Lesser Lord was first mentioned in-game; "lesser" gets used on plants and birds that are just small and have no "greater" counterpart, and the term "lesser" doesn't always imply there are better options. All of that being said, I like the choice of using Lesser since it goes with both versions of Nahida being found and imprisoned. The authorities straight-up hated her for being smaller and less powerful than Rukkha/her pre-cataclysm form. no no no. lesser lord is because she's still small .
Kinda weird that Lesser Lord implicating the existence of a Greater Lord. But who am I to question how an Archon decide her titles. Serious talk, I think the localization team dropped the ball on Dendro Archon's title. The chinese title translated verbatim would be "little lucky grass monarch", that's why the first time it was mentioned, Paimon said Dendro Archon's title sounds cute. In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something Boss Baby Kusanali Yeah that would be way better and make more sense. Yeah, Lesser Lord sounds disrespectful in my opinion, not cute Little Lord Kusanali Now, THAT's some real cute title. Really dropped the ball indeed It's not that hard. Kusanali has existed in two states, and her transition is well-known. She is at all times Lord Kusanali. The Lord Kusanali she was before she lost her powers and memories was Greater than the Lord she is now. Greater Lord Kusanali refers to Nahida before that transition. Lesser Lord Kusanali refers to what she is now. Ok but “Lesser Lord” kinda drove home the point of how the locals kinda hated her for replacing the previous archon, i think its more fitting this way if they gave her an uglier name She's not the lesser lord. She's a lord who's really short, so lesser. That still makes sense. For the world now, Lesser Lord Kusanali lost her power and memories after the Catacalysm. Lesser lord is the title given by the rogue academia isn't it? Have Nahida considered changing her title to Just-right Lord? After the Cataclysm, it became increasingly obvious; she could deny it no longer! She smol. Does she care though? Or worse, does she think she deserves it? A minor gripe I have about the globalisation: 小吉祥草王's literal translation is small/little auspicious grass king/lord and 大慈樹王 is great merciful/kind king/lord, and doesn't connote one to be lesser or the other to be greater. It certainly wouldn't have been implied for there to be an other to begin with. Maybe Little Lord Kusenali would have been more fitting? I dunno It's a weird choice considering the connotations we have in English, but this was a topic way back when Lesser Lord was first mentioned in-game; "lesser" gets used on plants and birds that are just small and have no "greater" counterpart, and the term "lesser" doesn't always imply there are better options. All of that being said, I like the choice of using Lesser since it goes with both versions of Nahida being found and imprisoned. The authorities straight-up hated her for being smaller and less powerful than Rukkha/her pre-cataclysm form. no no no. lesser lord is because she's still small .
Serious talk, I think the localization team dropped the ball on Dendro Archon's title. The chinese title translated verbatim would be "little lucky grass monarch", that's why the first time it was mentioned, Paimon said Dendro Archon's title sounds cute. In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something Boss Baby Kusanali Yeah that would be way better and make more sense. Yeah, Lesser Lord sounds disrespectful in my opinion, not cute Little Lord Kusanali Now, THAT's some real cute title. Really dropped the ball indeed It's not that hard. Kusanali has existed in two states, and her transition is well-known. She is at all times Lord Kusanali. The Lord Kusanali she was before she lost her powers and memories was Greater than the Lord she is now. Greater Lord Kusanali refers to Nahida before that transition. Lesser Lord Kusanali refers to what she is now. Ok but “Lesser Lord” kinda drove home the point of how the locals kinda hated her for replacing the previous archon, i think its more fitting this way if they gave her an uglier name
In my opinion they should have translated it into Little Lord Kusanali or something Boss Baby Kusanali
Yeah that would be way better and make more sense.
Yeah, Lesser Lord sounds disrespectful in my opinion, not cute
Little Lord Kusanali Now, THAT's some real cute title. Really dropped the ball indeed
It's not that hard. Kusanali has existed in two states, and her transition is well-known. She is at all times Lord Kusanali. The Lord Kusanali she was before she lost her powers and memories was Greater than the Lord she is now. Greater Lord Kusanali refers to Nahida before that transition. Lesser Lord Kusanali refers to what she is now.
Ok but “Lesser Lord” kinda drove home the point of how the locals kinda hated her for replacing the previous archon, i think its more fitting this way if they gave her an uglier name
She's not the lesser lord. She's a lord who's really short, so lesser.
That still makes sense. For the world now, Lesser Lord Kusanali lost her power and memories after the Catacalysm.
Lesser lord is the title given by the rogue academia isn't it? Have Nahida considered changing her title to Just-right Lord? After the Cataclysm, it became increasingly obvious; she could deny it no longer! She smol. Does she care though? Or worse, does she think she deserves it?
Have Nahida considered changing her title to Just-right Lord? After the Cataclysm, it became increasingly obvious; she could deny it no longer! She smol. Does she care though? Or worse, does she think she deserves it?
After the Cataclysm, it became increasingly obvious; she could deny it no longer! She smol.
Does she care though? Or worse, does she think she deserves it?
A minor gripe I have about the globalisation: 小吉祥草王's literal translation is small/little auspicious grass king/lord and 大慈樹王 is great merciful/kind king/lord, and doesn't connote one to be lesser or the other to be greater. It certainly wouldn't have been implied for there to be an other to begin with. Maybe Little Lord Kusenali would have been more fitting? I dunno It's a weird choice considering the connotations we have in English, but this was a topic way back when Lesser Lord was first mentioned in-game; "lesser" gets used on plants and birds that are just small and have no "greater" counterpart, and the term "lesser" doesn't always imply there are better options. All of that being said, I like the choice of using Lesser since it goes with both versions of Nahida being found and imprisoned. The authorities straight-up hated her for being smaller and less powerful than Rukkha/her pre-cataclysm form.
It's a weird choice considering the connotations we have in English, but this was a topic way back when Lesser Lord was first mentioned in-game; "lesser" gets used on plants and birds that are just small and have no "greater" counterpart, and the term "lesser" doesn't always imply there are better options. All of that being said, I like the choice of using Lesser since it goes with both versions of Nahida being found and imprisoned. The authorities straight-up hated her for being smaller and less powerful than Rukkha/her pre-cataclysm form.
no no no. lesser lord is because she's still small .
Here we go , the Teyvat native
Who that Holy shit, this guy might've gotten a bit too much erased
Holy shit, this guy might've gotten a bit too much erased
You can technically see Egeria any time you want if you've done the quest. Though if you want a conversation, you might be barking up the wrong tree. Quite literally in fact r/ThanksCyno Wdym 😓 Egeria, alongside [FILE NOT FOUND] and the Goddess of Flowers, turned into a giant tree in the Sumeru desert And had babies (the Pari) Historians say they were roommates She decided to make like a tree...and put down some roots somewhere
Quite literally in fact
r/ThanksCyno
Wdym 😓 Egeria, alongside [FILE NOT FOUND] and the Goddess of Flowers, turned into a giant tree in the Sumeru desert And had babies (the Pari) Historians say they were roommates She decided to make like a tree...and put down some roots somewhere
Egeria, alongside [FILE NOT FOUND] and the Goddess of Flowers, turned into a giant tree in the Sumeru desert And had babies (the Pari) Historians say they were roommates
Historians say they were roommates
She decided to make like a tree...and put down some roots somewhere
Blessings from barsibato... maybe bartobus? perhaps platypus A platypus? ANEMO ARCHON THE PLATYPUS? DOOBI DOOBI DOOBA DOOBI DOOBI DOOBAA!!! All hail Barbussy!
A platypus? ANEMO ARCHON THE PLATYPUS? DOOBI DOOBI DOOBA DOOBI DOOBI DOOBAA!!!
DOOBI DOOBI DOOBA DOOBI DOOBI DOOBAA!!!
All hail Barbussy!
The funny thing is if you can ask random npc in Teyvat, they will tell you that 4 of them are original Archons. They don't remember Rukkhadevata and only a few people know about Ei and Makoto. Actually, they will say there are 3 of them left, Barbatos, Raiden Shogun and lesser Lord Kusanali, because the Geo Archon "died". There is only one person I think, that actually knows the real number of remaining original Archons, that being Yae Miko. But she doesn't know the real identities of them. I hope you don't mind me asking but how does Yae know only two are left? Isn't she affected by Irminsul erasure? I'm genuinely asking because I might've missed a piece of lore hinting about her knowing more. She is affected, yes, that's why she only knows the correct number. For her, the originals are Barbatos and Nahida, so she knows the number, but not the identities. Oh I see thanks for clarifying! ☺️ I think they meant that Yae thinks Geo Archon is dead, so two remaining are Barbatos and Kusanali. Right number, but wrong identities. Don't remember anything about Yae's awareness of Geo Archon's "deats" situation tho If there's anyone that knows everything, wouldn't it be wanderer? He has info from the Fatui about Morax and Venti, he knows about Ei because of his origins, and he's messed with the Irminsul so he might be aware of the Nahida situation (but probably isn't). Wanderer, Zhongli and Venti are probably the closest after Miko to know the truth. But they don't know that Nahida isn't the original, so they think three are left. Oh yeah I forgot about Morax "death". Well tbf Ei led the armies while Makoto was Archon. People are bound to remember the twin that was around them more Iirc, they played it as two halves of the same whole, so both operated as Makoto and no one really knows who Ei is except for Traveler + Paimon and Yae. The change between personalities over time must’ve been like whiplash for the mortal citizens. One week your archon is the kindest most caring god out there the next she’s on the frontlines leading a war, wiping out an entire island herself
Actually, they will say there are 3 of them left, Barbatos, Raiden Shogun and lesser Lord Kusanali, because the Geo Archon "died". There is only one person I think, that actually knows the real number of remaining original Archons, that being Yae Miko. But she doesn't know the real identities of them. I hope you don't mind me asking but how does Yae know only two are left? Isn't she affected by Irminsul erasure? I'm genuinely asking because I might've missed a piece of lore hinting about her knowing more. She is affected, yes, that's why she only knows the correct number. For her, the originals are Barbatos and Nahida, so she knows the number, but not the identities. Oh I see thanks for clarifying! ☺️ I think they meant that Yae thinks Geo Archon is dead, so two remaining are Barbatos and Kusanali. Right number, but wrong identities. Don't remember anything about Yae's awareness of Geo Archon's "deats" situation tho If there's anyone that knows everything, wouldn't it be wanderer? He has info from the Fatui about Morax and Venti, he knows about Ei because of his origins, and he's messed with the Irminsul so he might be aware of the Nahida situation (but probably isn't). Wanderer, Zhongli and Venti are probably the closest after Miko to know the truth. But they don't know that Nahida isn't the original, so they think three are left. Oh yeah I forgot about Morax "death".
I hope you don't mind me asking but how does Yae know only two are left? Isn't she affected by Irminsul erasure? I'm genuinely asking because I might've missed a piece of lore hinting about her knowing more. She is affected, yes, that's why she only knows the correct number. For her, the originals are Barbatos and Nahida, so she knows the number, but not the identities. Oh I see thanks for clarifying! ☺️ I think they meant that Yae thinks Geo Archon is dead, so two remaining are Barbatos and Kusanali. Right number, but wrong identities. Don't remember anything about Yae's awareness of Geo Archon's "deats" situation tho
She is affected, yes, that's why she only knows the correct number. For her, the originals are Barbatos and Nahida, so she knows the number, but not the identities. Oh I see thanks for clarifying! ☺️
Oh I see thanks for clarifying! ☺️
I think they meant that Yae thinks Geo Archon is dead, so two remaining are Barbatos and Kusanali. Right number, but wrong identities. Don't remember anything about Yae's awareness of Geo Archon's "deats" situation tho
If there's anyone that knows everything, wouldn't it be wanderer? He has info from the Fatui about Morax and Venti, he knows about Ei because of his origins, and he's messed with the Irminsul so he might be aware of the Nahida situation (but probably isn't). Wanderer, Zhongli and Venti are probably the closest after Miko to know the truth. But they don't know that Nahida isn't the original, so they think three are left.
Wanderer, Zhongli and Venti are probably the closest after Miko to know the truth. But they don't know that Nahida isn't the original, so they think three are left.
Oh yeah I forgot about Morax "death".
Well tbf Ei led the armies while Makoto was Archon. People are bound to remember the twin that was around them more Iirc, they played it as two halves of the same whole, so both operated as Makoto and no one really knows who Ei is except for Traveler + Paimon and Yae. The change between personalities over time must’ve been like whiplash for the mortal citizens. One week your archon is the kindest most caring god out there the next she’s on the frontlines leading a war, wiping out an entire island herself
Iirc, they played it as two halves of the same whole, so both operated as Makoto and no one really knows who Ei is except for Traveler + Paimon and Yae. The change between personalities over time must’ve been like whiplash for the mortal citizens. One week your archon is the kindest most caring god out there the next she’s on the frontlines leading a war, wiping out an entire island herself
One week your archon is the kindest most caring god out there the next she’s on the frontlines leading a war, wiping out an entire island herself
Ei has sort of always also kind of been an OG as well. She was half the power. She did the zappin while her sister did the yappin. You can't be an archon if you don't have the gnosis that's the whole shtick of being an Archon is it not It's having the throne more than the gnosis wich Ei didn't have either. Exactly, otherwise we can pretend Liyue has like 20 OGs
You can't be an archon if you don't have the gnosis that's the whole shtick of being an Archon is it not It's having the throne more than the gnosis wich Ei didn't have either. Exactly, otherwise we can pretend Liyue has like 20 OGs
It's having the throne more than the gnosis wich Ei didn't have either. Exactly, otherwise we can pretend Liyue has like 20 OGs
Exactly, otherwise we can pretend Liyue has like 20 OGs
Venti is definitively the weakest archon entirely due to his own choices and actions. Whether or not you want to accept that is not really much of an issue. But the emphasis of an Archon's power is irrelevant if they don't have an enemy that necessitates it. Deshret wiped the Sumeru side of the map of pretty much any gods not named Nabu Malikata and Rukhadevatta. And by the time he and the goddess of flowers had to get put down, strength was an irrelevant concept to rulership. Remus is in a similar vein for Fontaine's region. Natlan was so isolated, it practically didn't have any Archon War participants. 90% of all known conflicts during the Archon War happened in Liyue, Inazuma and near Mondstadt. Decarabian was the Remus/Deshret of Mondstadt, and along with Andrius practically made it impossible to have direct conflicts, as both ruled over massive swathes of land uncontested. Morax, despite never really having issues with the Abyss in Liyue, killed so many gods that their corpses are what produce monsters within the region more than anything else, whereas the influence of Beelzebul and Bael in Inazuma is present largely in the amount of terraforming and collateral damage that resulted from gods duking it out on such land masses. "Strength" is not a concept inherent to an Archon, as the context of war means that those who survive are the ones who win, not the other way around.
Barbatos still being around doesn't mean anything about their power rankings among the archons. In fact, maybe he's even fallen off since his prime. Still though, ever since he said he was the weakest of the seven it seems to have triggered an unnecessary insecurity in some fans. There's been some kind of crusade that seem to can't accept it even temporarily. I get that some think it isn't true but for now it's still closer to the truth because all we have are theory claims by fans saying otherwise. Is it really that bad if it were true? Even the weakest of the seven is pretty powerful. Did the Signora scene hurt the pride so much? I mean she got a ended in a rather glorious fashion when she messed with a less patient archon anyway. And in any case, is it so unbearable for his statement being the weakest to stick around until it is proven false? I’m fine with him being the weakest but I’ll die on the hill that he allowed Signora to take the gnosis and easily could have blown her away. Whether because he’s on the side of the Tsaritsa and doesn’t want to admit it or because he was worried about Traveler getting hurt idk/idc. Everything he says and does is sus I think he's the weakest but yes, I agree on the Signora thing. Eitherway I won't grasp at straws about it like other people even if it never gets proven. She personally ffed around and found out what would happen if an archon didn't want to take her bs anyway. Yeah, it’s something I’m guessing will come up but if it doesn’t then whatever, I’m just glad she existed because her boss fight OST is a banger. Frankly with how powerscaling has been going now since Fontaine, the strength of the Seven doesn't really matter. Against behemoths like Full Authority Neuvilette or Shades or Sinners or even Skirk. And "Sustainer of Tevyat Border" Alice. That's very fair, yet it's a bit of a pity that the seven archons who were all highly anticipated by us day one players are now reduced to being "low level gods" of sorts. Tbf, since Day 1, Venti has said that Celestia existed above Archons. That is still fine. The thing is we have many which come in between celestia and archon now. Are they though? I feel like we've never truly seen any Archon's true power. And the devs also treat them as the strongest characters when it comes to kits so it's obvious their power is yet to be truly seen. I mean Mavuika literally made a crack in the veil that Alice has placed on Teyvat to protect it so I wouldn't really call them lower level...moreover if the 7 of them were to unite they would still be the strongest force in all of Teyvat and Neuvillette alone would not stand a chance. Neuvillette most likely wouldn't even be able to take on 2 Archons at once because he is Infact a young dragon who also has absolutely nil battle experience. There's a reason he dodges the question of going to judge and take back the elemental authority of each element in every single voiceline he has about the Archons. There's no proof Alice is the one that placed the 'veil' aka the false sky. We only know her job is protect the borders. The other Archons may in fact be stronger than Neuvillette in pure power terms, since they all have a portion of a Dragon's Authority, and the power of faith, and their own base level of power (which admittedly varies massively between powerhouses like Ei and Morax, and chumps like Venti). Yeah, Neuvillette and Arlecchino almost powercrept Xingqiu and Bennett in terms of people not being able to spell their names correctly. on a serious note: It's kinda funny how every powerscaling group are constantly bickering about who would beat who, because it is quite simple: "The one who wins is the one the author wants to win" - Stan Lee. (dunno if he was the one who actually said it first, but he's the one most attributed for it) And also how near impossible it is to imply logic, lets say Mondstadt. Varka is cannonically stronger than Jean and Eula in their own words and both of them are top/elite tier in combat. Klee for some reason is also as strong as Varka, said in Mika's voiceline. But in what way strong? I m pretty sure everyone who can get their hands on the bombs that she carries, is just as 'strong' as Varka by that logic cause she doesnt have combat skills. She has powerfull bombs that destroys strong enemies. I m pretty sure even Amber can snipe her in a serious 1v1 fight. But then again I m not the author lol. I think Hoyo also made a big mess of showing how strong the traveler actually is by being too inconsistent with displaying her power in real fights like Arlechino. Who are Xingqiu and Bennett? Do you mean Xingqui and Benette? /j So Alice is american? Being the oldest has nothing to do with power.  For me, Venti knows EVERYTHING though, due to his age.  And that knowledge is power. That to me is very Venti-like. That's true power.  I don't need his farts to expel wind so strong he creates hurricanes in Natlan. He's even implied to know the future, given his ties to Istaroth and him saying he knows all songs of the past, present, and future. Well if this is the power scaling THEN I'd agree he's powerful and not because of a statement being theorized as a lie. Knowledge is power and in genshin this is more literal than it is not between forbidden knowledge, songs (which shades, moon sisters, angels and others all use) as well as Irminsul Can't lie tho, he definitely lived up to this point thanks to his words Enemies, what's that? Let's have some wine and tea together This. Like, "Barbatos is still around so he definitely isn't the weakest Archon" what does that have to do with each other? Oldest man alive might as well be the strongest with that logic, and Venti is confirmed to be the weakest simply because of his lack of faith, and then people will jump you that some random guy in another nation knows about Venti so he definitely is the most worshiped Archon, like brother, even people in the Knights and the Church don't have full faith on him, it's not his fault it's just a byproduct of his way of "ruling" or more like lack of. People will do anything to say that he is always lying but then you ask them what is he lying about and nobody can't say anything that's not an omission of truth at best. Like, "Barbatos is still around so he definitely isn't the weakest Archon" what does that have to do with each other? Something something fear an old man in a job where people die young Worst part is that they don't even have the same job even if they're all Archons, the ruler of Mond (does nothing) absolutely doesn't share the same responsibilities are Rukkhadevata(Irminsul Avatar) or the hands on approach Makoto had. Venti's power alone was powerful enough to send mountains flying away from Mondstadt with just the wind. Sure, Zhongli and Ei have colossal weapons, but Venti isn't far behind them in scale. And if Worship really is the thing that powers Archons... Well, only one of all the 7 had a full blown religion surrounding them. Sure, people worship Ei as a ruler, but there's a difference between that and a straight up God , which is how the Church of Favonius seems to treat him. Not to mention all the ominous stuff surrounding him, like his connections to both Istaroth and the Abyss... As well as being able to reach Mare Jivari to save a soul... Venti is far from weak. If anything, his freedom alone makes him stronger than Zhongli... At least he isn't bound by contracts.
I’m fine with him being the weakest but I’ll die on the hill that he allowed Signora to take the gnosis and easily could have blown her away. Whether because he’s on the side of the Tsaritsa and doesn’t want to admit it or because he was worried about Traveler getting hurt idk/idc. Everything he says and does is sus I think he's the weakest but yes, I agree on the Signora thing. Eitherway I won't grasp at straws about it like other people even if it never gets proven. She personally ffed around and found out what would happen if an archon didn't want to take her bs anyway. Yeah, it’s something I’m guessing will come up but if it doesn’t then whatever, I’m just glad she existed because her boss fight OST is a banger.
I think he's the weakest but yes, I agree on the Signora thing. Eitherway I won't grasp at straws about it like other people even if it never gets proven. She personally ffed around and found out what would happen if an archon didn't want to take her bs anyway. Yeah, it’s something I’m guessing will come up but if it doesn’t then whatever, I’m just glad she existed because her boss fight OST is a banger.
Yeah, it’s something I’m guessing will come up but if it doesn’t then whatever, I’m just glad she existed because her boss fight OST is a banger.
Frankly with how powerscaling has been going now since Fontaine, the strength of the Seven doesn't really matter. Against behemoths like Full Authority Neuvilette or Shades or Sinners or even Skirk. And "Sustainer of Tevyat Border" Alice. That's very fair, yet it's a bit of a pity that the seven archons who were all highly anticipated by us day one players are now reduced to being "low level gods" of sorts. Tbf, since Day 1, Venti has said that Celestia existed above Archons. That is still fine. The thing is we have many which come in between celestia and archon now. Are they though? I feel like we've never truly seen any Archon's true power. And the devs also treat them as the strongest characters when it comes to kits so it's obvious their power is yet to be truly seen. I mean Mavuika literally made a crack in the veil that Alice has placed on Teyvat to protect it so I wouldn't really call them lower level...moreover if the 7 of them were to unite they would still be the strongest force in all of Teyvat and Neuvillette alone would not stand a chance. Neuvillette most likely wouldn't even be able to take on 2 Archons at once because he is Infact a young dragon who also has absolutely nil battle experience. There's a reason he dodges the question of going to judge and take back the elemental authority of each element in every single voiceline he has about the Archons. There's no proof Alice is the one that placed the 'veil' aka the false sky. We only know her job is protect the borders. The other Archons may in fact be stronger than Neuvillette in pure power terms, since they all have a portion of a Dragon's Authority, and the power of faith, and their own base level of power (which admittedly varies massively between powerhouses like Ei and Morax, and chumps like Venti). Yeah, Neuvillette and Arlecchino almost powercrept Xingqiu and Bennett in terms of people not being able to spell their names correctly. on a serious note: It's kinda funny how every powerscaling group are constantly bickering about who would beat who, because it is quite simple: "The one who wins is the one the author wants to win" - Stan Lee. (dunno if he was the one who actually said it first, but he's the one most attributed for it) And also how near impossible it is to imply logic, lets say Mondstadt. Varka is cannonically stronger than Jean and Eula in their own words and both of them are top/elite tier in combat. Klee for some reason is also as strong as Varka, said in Mika's voiceline. But in what way strong? I m pretty sure everyone who can get their hands on the bombs that she carries, is just as 'strong' as Varka by that logic cause she doesnt have combat skills. She has powerfull bombs that destroys strong enemies. I m pretty sure even Amber can snipe her in a serious 1v1 fight. But then again I m not the author lol. I think Hoyo also made a big mess of showing how strong the traveler actually is by being too inconsistent with displaying her power in real fights like Arlechino. Who are Xingqiu and Bennett? Do you mean Xingqui and Benette? /j So Alice is american?
That's very fair, yet it's a bit of a pity that the seven archons who were all highly anticipated by us day one players are now reduced to being "low level gods" of sorts. Tbf, since Day 1, Venti has said that Celestia existed above Archons. That is still fine. The thing is we have many which come in between celestia and archon now. Are they though? I feel like we've never truly seen any Archon's true power. And the devs also treat them as the strongest characters when it comes to kits so it's obvious their power is yet to be truly seen. I mean Mavuika literally made a crack in the veil that Alice has placed on Teyvat to protect it so I wouldn't really call them lower level...moreover if the 7 of them were to unite they would still be the strongest force in all of Teyvat and Neuvillette alone would not stand a chance. Neuvillette most likely wouldn't even be able to take on 2 Archons at once because he is Infact a young dragon who also has absolutely nil battle experience. There's a reason he dodges the question of going to judge and take back the elemental authority of each element in every single voiceline he has about the Archons. There's no proof Alice is the one that placed the 'veil' aka the false sky. We only know her job is protect the borders. The other Archons may in fact be stronger than Neuvillette in pure power terms, since they all have a portion of a Dragon's Authority, and the power of faith, and their own base level of power (which admittedly varies massively between powerhouses like Ei and Morax, and chumps like Venti).
Tbf, since Day 1, Venti has said that Celestia existed above Archons. That is still fine. The thing is we have many which come in between celestia and archon now.
That is still fine. The thing is we have many which come in between celestia and archon now.
Are they though? I feel like we've never truly seen any Archon's true power. And the devs also treat them as the strongest characters when it comes to kits so it's obvious their power is yet to be truly seen. I mean Mavuika literally made a crack in the veil that Alice has placed on Teyvat to protect it so I wouldn't really call them lower level...moreover if the 7 of them were to unite they would still be the strongest force in all of Teyvat and Neuvillette alone would not stand a chance. Neuvillette most likely wouldn't even be able to take on 2 Archons at once because he is Infact a young dragon who also has absolutely nil battle experience. There's a reason he dodges the question of going to judge and take back the elemental authority of each element in every single voiceline he has about the Archons. There's no proof Alice is the one that placed the 'veil' aka the false sky. We only know her job is protect the borders. The other Archons may in fact be stronger than Neuvillette in pure power terms, since they all have a portion of a Dragon's Authority, and the power of faith, and their own base level of power (which admittedly varies massively between powerhouses like Ei and Morax, and chumps like Venti).
There's no proof Alice is the one that placed the 'veil' aka the false sky. We only know her job is protect the borders.
The other Archons may in fact be stronger than Neuvillette in pure power terms, since they all have a portion of a Dragon's Authority, and the power of faith, and their own base level of power (which admittedly varies massively between powerhouses like Ei and Morax, and chumps like Venti).
Yeah, Neuvillette and Arlecchino almost powercrept Xingqiu and Bennett in terms of people not being able to spell their names correctly. on a serious note: It's kinda funny how every powerscaling group are constantly bickering about who would beat who, because it is quite simple: "The one who wins is the one the author wants to win" - Stan Lee. (dunno if he was the one who actually said it first, but he's the one most attributed for it) And also how near impossible it is to imply logic, lets say Mondstadt. Varka is cannonically stronger than Jean and Eula in their own words and both of them are top/elite tier in combat. Klee for some reason is also as strong as Varka, said in Mika's voiceline. But in what way strong? I m pretty sure everyone who can get their hands on the bombs that she carries, is just as 'strong' as Varka by that logic cause she doesnt have combat skills. She has powerfull bombs that destroys strong enemies. I m pretty sure even Amber can snipe her in a serious 1v1 fight. But then again I m not the author lol. I think Hoyo also made a big mess of showing how strong the traveler actually is by being too inconsistent with displaying her power in real fights like Arlechino. Who are Xingqiu and Bennett? Do you mean Xingqui and Benette? /j
And also how near impossible it is to imply logic, lets say Mondstadt. Varka is cannonically stronger than Jean and Eula in their own words and both of them are top/elite tier in combat. Klee for some reason is also as strong as Varka, said in Mika's voiceline. But in what way strong? I m pretty sure everyone who can get their hands on the bombs that she carries, is just as 'strong' as Varka by that logic cause she doesnt have combat skills. She has powerfull bombs that destroys strong enemies. I m pretty sure even Amber can snipe her in a serious 1v1 fight. But then again I m not the author lol. I think Hoyo also made a big mess of showing how strong the traveler actually is by being too inconsistent with displaying her power in real fights like Arlechino.
Who are Xingqiu and Bennett? Do you mean Xingqui and Benette? /j
So Alice is american?
Being the oldest has nothing to do with power.  For me, Venti knows EVERYTHING though, due to his age.  And that knowledge is power. That to me is very Venti-like. That's true power.  I don't need his farts to expel wind so strong he creates hurricanes in Natlan. He's even implied to know the future, given his ties to Istaroth and him saying he knows all songs of the past, present, and future. Well if this is the power scaling THEN I'd agree he's powerful and not because of a statement being theorized as a lie. Knowledge is power and in genshin this is more literal than it is not between forbidden knowledge, songs (which shades, moon sisters, angels and others all use) as well as Irminsul
He's even implied to know the future, given his ties to Istaroth and him saying he knows all songs of the past, present, and future.
Well if this is the power scaling THEN I'd agree he's powerful and not because of a statement being theorized as a lie.
Knowledge is power and in genshin this is more literal than it is not between forbidden knowledge, songs (which shades, moon sisters, angels and others all use) as well as Irminsul
Can't lie tho, he definitely lived up to this point thanks to his words Enemies, what's that? Let's have some wine and tea together
This. Like, "Barbatos is still around so he definitely isn't the weakest Archon" what does that have to do with each other? Oldest man alive might as well be the strongest with that logic, and Venti is confirmed to be the weakest simply because of his lack of faith, and then people will jump you that some random guy in another nation knows about Venti so he definitely is the most worshiped Archon, like brother, even people in the Knights and the Church don't have full faith on him, it's not his fault it's just a byproduct of his way of "ruling" or more like lack of. People will do anything to say that he is always lying but then you ask them what is he lying about and nobody can't say anything that's not an omission of truth at best. Like, "Barbatos is still around so he definitely isn't the weakest Archon" what does that have to do with each other? Something something fear an old man in a job where people die young Worst part is that they don't even have the same job even if they're all Archons, the ruler of Mond (does nothing) absolutely doesn't share the same responsibilities are Rukkhadevata(Irminsul Avatar) or the hands on approach Makoto had.
Like, "Barbatos is still around so he definitely isn't the weakest Archon" what does that have to do with each other? Something something fear an old man in a job where people die young Worst part is that they don't even have the same job even if they're all Archons, the ruler of Mond (does nothing) absolutely doesn't share the same responsibilities are Rukkhadevata(Irminsul Avatar) or the hands on approach Makoto had.
Worst part is that they don't even have the same job even if they're all Archons, the ruler of Mond (does nothing) absolutely doesn't share the same responsibilities are Rukkhadevata(Irminsul Avatar) or the hands on approach Makoto had.
Venti's power alone was powerful enough to send mountains flying away from Mondstadt with just the wind. Sure, Zhongli and Ei have colossal weapons, but Venti isn't far behind them in scale. And if Worship really is the thing that powers Archons... Well, only one of all the 7 had a full blown religion surrounding them. Sure, people worship Ei as a ruler, but there's a difference between that and a straight up God , which is how the Church of Favonius seems to treat him. Not to mention all the ominous stuff surrounding him, like his connections to both Istaroth and the Abyss... As well as being able to reach Mare Jivari to save a soul... Venti is far from weak. If anything, his freedom alone makes him stronger than Zhongli... At least he isn't bound by contracts.
original Archons shows an image of Ei Makoto and Ei were twins.  The image is Ei but Makoto wouldn't look very different, if at all. But we do have an image of Makoto... in the same cutscene even. So why use EI unless OP doesn't understand.
Makoto and Ei were twins.  The image is Ei but Makoto wouldn't look very different, if at all. But we do have an image of Makoto... in the same cutscene even. So why use EI unless OP doesn't understand.
But we do have an image of Makoto... in the same cutscene even. So why use EI unless OP doesn't understand.
Venti survived as long as he did due to his intelligence and cunning. Nothing to do with "strength". Strength means nothing if your opponent hard-counters you. Nothing to do with "strength". He did yeet some mountains into the sea, probably because they blocked his view. Admittedly it was probably with the Gnosis but still. To be fair he probably is more powerful than he lets on. Since it's stated directly that Archons powers are related to number and strength of their believers . Venti has a full church dedicated to him, acting leader of Knights of Favonius is a believer, he does show up to save people sometimes too. He is not some kind of a long forgotten deity. At the very, very least it wouldn't surprise me in the slightest if one day Hoyo showed a major feat of strength from him. He is the most secretive of the Archons and that makes it very hard to guess where his limits are. Venti's super intelligent and cunning plan: HONK SHOOOOO HONK SHOOOOO 💤 😴 ⏳
Nothing to do with "strength". He did yeet some mountains into the sea, probably because they blocked his view. Admittedly it was probably with the Gnosis but still. To be fair he probably is more powerful than he lets on. Since it's stated directly that Archons powers are related to number and strength of their believers . Venti has a full church dedicated to him, acting leader of Knights of Favonius is a believer, he does show up to save people sometimes too. He is not some kind of a long forgotten deity. At the very, very least it wouldn't surprise me in the slightest if one day Hoyo showed a major feat of strength from him. He is the most secretive of the Archons and that makes it very hard to guess where his limits are.
Venti's super intelligent and cunning plan: HONK SHOOOOO HONK SHOOOOO 💤 😴 ⏳
Rukha kind of killed herself out of necessity. Makoto relied on Ei to be the fighter from the start. Egeria did just die in the cataclysm but at the same time she was just kinda given the gnosis after Remus died. And Pyro archons get changed p often. Only Barbatos and Morax surviving doesnt mean much
Well, some people are just strong and some are weak. Probably applies to Archons too.
He's surviving doesn't mean much when there's barely gods in monstadt anyway plus the archon throne was given to him just cause andrius refused it lol you could interpret that andrius>pre archon venti
Morax is dead but we have an old man walking around with osmanthus wine
Outliving other archons doesn't really mean much when you think about it. Mondstadt had far lesser struggle compared to other regions whose chief gods perished. Aside from that, we can't ignore the fact that he's directly a part of Istaroth, which means he has access to means that some archons wouldn't have in the first place.
Eh, Venti didn't fight for his title, he only became Archon because Boreas noped out. So him being the weakest combat wise is still plausible, especially since every depiction of Venti was him using cunning and wit compared to say Ei and Zhongli who were always murdering someone.
I feel like this sub would die if you guys went one day without reminders. Especially where you have shitty theories bound to them where the axiom serving as base doesn't prove anything. This or some mf here has the stand Jail House Lock.
How long are y'all gonna cope it's like mid 2025 ... almost 5 years now Until hoyo throws ingame proof that they can see clearly, instead of having to read in between the lines. And even then, some people are still going to be in denial. Like Signora mains about Signora staying dead🙃🥲
Until hoyo throws ingame proof that they can see clearly, instead of having to read in between the lines. And even then, some people are still going to be in denial. Like Signora mains about Signora staying dead🙃🥲
I mean....that's not really indicative of anything. Mr. Satan from DB is one of the only few characters to survive the entire DBZ catalogue until Frieza blew up Earth in RoF, does that make him strong af? No. He's just that lucky. Even King from OPM has survived deadly encounters purely due to luck, and people think he's strong af because of it. Plus, most of the OG Archons died during the Cataclysm. Rukkha with forbidden knowledge, Makoto in Khaenriah, and Egeria in Tunigi Hollow. We don't know where Zhongli and Venti were during this time. If he were in the same situation, would he have survived? Who knows. The only OG Archon who died pretty early was Xbalanque, and he was fighting something that Venti definitely would've had trouble with. Sure, he could be lying but Venti is rarely a liar. So him being the weakest Archon could still be true. I mean, Hercule is strong by baseline human standards.  He's no Z Fighter at all but put my boy against an average martial artist in DBZ Earth that has no clue about Goku and friends and he should still win.
I mean, Hercule is strong by baseline human standards.  He's no Z Fighter at all but put my boy against an average martial artist in DBZ Earth that has no clue about Goku and friends and he should still win.
Liyue resident: Our archon is definitely not that gentleman over their who seems to know that my great great great grandfather had an affair with the great great grandfather of the perfume store owner from like 200 years ago. Mondstat resident: Our archon is definitely not that drunk bard.
kusanali??
Rukkhadevata still lives, Nahida is an extension of her It's like when King Piccolo died in Dragon Ball, he put all his essence on Piccolo Jr. which essentially means even though the original dies, it's still the same person and that's why Kami didn't automatically die. It's the same thing
I think nahida as well?
I’ll be honest, when Genshin power scales each archon I always took it to mean that they’re stronger than each other by a minuscule margin. Like if Zhongli and Venti went at it, Zhongli wouldn’t necessarily win every time and vice versa. Cause if the power difference was that significant, we would’ve seen Capitano or Arlecchino or Dottore go to Liyue, not Childe
Always felt like Venti is a lot stronger than he reveals tbh. When he got his gnosis taken by Signora, it felt like he did it on purpose but needed to make it look like he "put up a fight"
Thank God this is not the Lore sub. Keep this braindead discussion here.
It kinda doesn’t matter anymore at this point when we have characters way older than any of them and more important to the lore than any of them. Neuvillette being Sovereign essentially a true “God” by controlling a natural aspect of world. Ineffa being Dragon Construct predating the elements and saw the dragons fall. Nicole being a former Angel/Seelie that gained human form. Columbia being created by Nibelung and being the rightful ruler of Teyvat. Gold combined with a Shade. Alice being long living species and knowing the outside worlds. Columbina is the what of what now? Did I miss a page/quest? When/where was that lore blurb revealed?
Columbina is the what of what now? Did I miss a page/quest? When/where was that lore blurb revealed?
Since he and Istaroth share VAs for all languages, i wouldn't be surprised if Istaroth is his alter ego. Also Venti is the only archon to have queen gnosis although he calls himself weak perhaps a clue to his hidden powers.
Technically Ei is the original Archon too since she and Makoto are twins and fought the Archon war together. They split the roles where Makoto handled the politics and Ei the army and battle. They were so identical that no one knows the difference except for their 3 closest friends and Yae Miko. Ei does mention attending the archon's gathering in her voice line about morax, meaning either even the archon's never knew the difference or she attended with Makoto as the two electro Archons. However at the end of Liyue Archon quest Zhongli refers to the Electro Archon as "baal" which is Makoto's name. Meaning that even he never knew there were 2 electro Archons and not one since Ei's name is Beelzebul and not Baal. Yae may have told Venti about this when they met in that one festival event but we don't know what they talked about and they were being so absolutely sus about it lol. Also funnily enough, Alice and the Hexenzirkel members might actually know this too.
venti also sliced mountains off and chucked them far out into sea just cuz he thought they looked ugly
Is ei rainden?
Egeria is kinda still technically living but practically dead
Wouldn’t technically Ei also be original archon in Teyvat’s eyes? Since she is Makoto’s twin and after Makoto passed, Ei silently replaced her and I don’t think anyone knows? The other Archons, Miko, and the Traveller are the only ones that know.  Even Wanderer may not.
The other Archons, Miko, and the Traveller are the only ones that know.  Even Wanderer may not.
I wonder if morax was a part of the ancient dragon civilisation of teyvat
Ei is technically an original archon too
Bro forgot about me.
This got me wondering How many Characters know about Zhongli being Morax ? I know Venti ,Nahida , Raiden shogun , Xiao ,Neuvi, Childe , Wanderer (?) know about it I don't know whether the Liyue Higher ups like Ninguang ,Keqing or Even Ganyu knows about it or not. And I am not sure about Hu tao and Natlan characters as I haven't played that far yet .
How about our majesty the Tsaritsa?
All the other original Archons had major contributions that effected their nations or teyvat itself with some even leading to their death, what did Morax and Barbatos do throughout their life time? Barbatos established a nation of freedom and contributed to the financial success of Mondstadt by creating a region most ideal for harvesting. Mondstadt's wine is unparalleled among the nations and Venti is the one who taught them how to make wine. Venti also passively controls the weather and seasons of Mondstadt and without his blessings, Mondstadt would turn into the frigid wasteland it used to be. He guides souls back to Mondstadt to their final resting place where its to be noted that Mondstadt is the only nation without wandering souls. His wind guides people who aren't even from Mondstadt. Wind is mentioned in Kaeya's vision story that stopped his fight with diluc, wind had saved Faruzan's life when she otherwise would've starved and died in the desert, wind came from nowhere and brought with it nostalgic scents when Wanderer didnt even have his vision as yet, Chinshui was able to tell something bad was going to happen to Rex Lapis way before it even happened and Glory is able to walk around Mondstadt unassisted despite being blind— noting that the wind is literally guiding her. After the archon war, Venti left Mondstadt to heal the world and in the process summoned Dvalin and also saved Xiao's life Wind gliders are also dependent on his blessings and without it not even birds would've been able to fly which betrays the laws of physics
Barbatos established a nation of freedom and contributed to the financial success of Mondstadt by creating a region most ideal for harvesting. Mondstadt's wine is unparalleled among the nations and Venti is the one who taught them how to make wine. Venti also passively controls the weather and seasons of Mondstadt and without his blessings, Mondstadt would turn into the frigid wasteland it used to be. He guides souls back to Mondstadt to their final resting place where its to be noted that Mondstadt is the only nation without wandering souls. His wind guides people who aren't even from Mondstadt. Wind is mentioned in Kaeya's vision story that stopped his fight with diluc, wind had saved Faruzan's life when she otherwise would've starved and died in the desert, wind came from nowhere and brought with it nostalgic scents when Wanderer didnt even have his vision as yet, Chinshui was able to tell something bad was going to happen to Rex Lapis way before it even happened and Glory is able to walk around Mondstadt unassisted despite being blind— noting that the wind is literally guiding her. After the archon war, Venti left Mondstadt to heal the world and in the process summoned Dvalin and also saved Xiao's life Wind gliders are also dependent on his blessings and without it not even birds would've been able to fly which betrays the laws of physics
Weakest doesn’t mean he is weak, just that he is weaker than the other. Or maybe he means he is the weakest being that ever becomes an archon, which probably true since he’s only a Paimon sized spirit when Boreas give up his claim.
You don't have to be strong to survive situations where stronger individuals die. You just have to stay out of the conflict. There are many ways to do such a thing: hiding, running, allying with one side or the other and letting them do the bulk of the fighting, waiting until two strong opponents duel to the death and then finishing off the victor while they're weakened from the battle, convincing stronger opponents that you're not worth fighting, and so on and so forth. I'm not saying Venti did any of these things - just that him still being around is not enough to vouch for his strength. ESPECIALLY since he's clearly a Trickster archetype, and Trickster gods were well known for employing strategies like those I listed above.
I’m pretty sure Furina is the weakest Archon alive She's not even an archon tho? the hydro archon as an concept does not exist after the archon quest. There is no throne
She's not even an archon tho? the hydro archon as an concept does not exist after the archon quest. There is no throne
Nahida is also alive, so it's 3
Its correct but also incredibly disingenuous to say that Morax and Barbatos are the only OG archons... Ei is right there Makoto was the OG.
Makoto was the OG.
No he is not weaker than signora, but yes he is weakest archon
Technically ei was still of the old times. She's as old as makoto as they're twins.
Details like these have me convinced that Venti is Istaroth and Zhongli was the Geo sovereign who betrayed dragons and hence why they don't seem to be affected as much by erosion
Tbf ei should also be considered an original. She was the archon going to wars and stuff while makoto only stayed and ruled in her castle.
Buddy forgot that kusanali was one the original archon
Barbatos is a possessed walking corpse, "living" isn't the 1st word that comes to mind when talking about our drunk bard
Good arguments on why venti isn't the weakest archon : Oneshoting mondslat and creating an archipelago casually (best feat of any archon btw) Hexenzirkle nedding all of it's possibly archon lvl on their own members to gang up on him Possibly being a shade Bad arguments on why venti isn't the weakest archon :  he lived more than the others Definitely isn't the best feat
Definitely isn't the best feat
