Had to get this so I would never forget , and to all the monke out there who went through this trial ================================================================================  评论列表:
That fat boi blocking casuls from the real ending since august 2024. track me Wait, if we miss a spirit we don’t get the real ending? Even the spirits you can miss and NEVER get again? Big head dude give you the ability to smack a secret wall in chapter 2 and you "may" also smack if you lure the boss into the wall, but 80% of shit in this game is more obtuse and secret than elden ring´s marika body count. If you dont follow that route you could miss the secret area in chapter 2 and lock you out for the secret ending. Can’t we just teleport back in a later chapter? Which boss room is it? The first prince arena in chapter 2, there’s a wall full of vases that you can destroy with the wandering wight skill, but I did it with the azure dust transformation also If you are no enough git gud in chapter 1 and run away from big head dude and ring the 3 bell, you locked out from his spirit, since he banish into a LGTB protest. But like some people say you can smack the wall with others skill, i have no tested though. What on earth are you even talking about rn You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m. Oh no sorry I HAVE the big head dude I was worried about the missing Second Rat Prince spirit locking me out. So which wall? The one after first Rat Prince? Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall. The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle You can break the wall using the Azure Dust transformation.  So you can’t lock yourself out if any of the Loong fights There are many ways to break the wall, the boss can do it, the man in stone can, maybe any heavy attack can That's NOT the Man-In-Stone You can just walk through the gap can't you? Thank you, turns out the giant rat opened the wall and I found the room already, it was that cryptic room with the mural and some dude yapping about deeds You can claim the spirits when you rest Victor Mature? The gatekeeper boss is definitely on another level. I died a bunch of times too, but his soul is really valuable throughout the game. His soul skill can interrupt a lot of charge-up attacks.
Wait, if we miss a spirit we don’t get the real ending? Even the spirits you can miss and NEVER get again? Big head dude give you the ability to smack a secret wall in chapter 2 and you "may" also smack if you lure the boss into the wall, but 80% of shit in this game is more obtuse and secret than elden ring´s marika body count. If you dont follow that route you could miss the secret area in chapter 2 and lock you out for the secret ending. Can’t we just teleport back in a later chapter? Which boss room is it? The first prince arena in chapter 2, there’s a wall full of vases that you can destroy with the wandering wight skill, but I did it with the azure dust transformation also If you are no enough git gud in chapter 1 and run away from big head dude and ring the 3 bell, you locked out from his spirit, since he banish into a LGTB protest. But like some people say you can smack the wall with others skill, i have no tested though. What on earth are you even talking about rn You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m. Oh no sorry I HAVE the big head dude I was worried about the missing Second Rat Prince spirit locking me out. So which wall? The one after first Rat Prince? Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall. The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle You can break the wall using the Azure Dust transformation.  So you can’t lock yourself out if any of the Loong fights There are many ways to break the wall, the boss can do it, the man in stone can, maybe any heavy attack can That's NOT the Man-In-Stone You can just walk through the gap can't you? Thank you, turns out the giant rat opened the wall and I found the room already, it was that cryptic room with the mural and some dude yapping about deeds You can claim the spirits when you rest
Big head dude give you the ability to smack a secret wall in chapter 2 and you "may" also smack if you lure the boss into the wall, but 80% of shit in this game is more obtuse and secret than elden ring´s marika body count. If you dont follow that route you could miss the secret area in chapter 2 and lock you out for the secret ending. Can’t we just teleport back in a later chapter? Which boss room is it? The first prince arena in chapter 2, there’s a wall full of vases that you can destroy with the wandering wight skill, but I did it with the azure dust transformation also If you are no enough git gud in chapter 1 and run away from big head dude and ring the 3 bell, you locked out from his spirit, since he banish into a LGTB protest. But like some people say you can smack the wall with others skill, i have no tested though. What on earth are you even talking about rn You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m. Oh no sorry I HAVE the big head dude I was worried about the missing Second Rat Prince spirit locking me out. So which wall? The one after first Rat Prince? Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall. The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle You can break the wall using the Azure Dust transformation.  So you can’t lock yourself out if any of the Loong fights There are many ways to break the wall, the boss can do it, the man in stone can, maybe any heavy attack can That's NOT the Man-In-Stone You can just walk through the gap can't you? Thank you, turns out the giant rat opened the wall and I found the room already, it was that cryptic room with the mural and some dude yapping about deeds
Can’t we just teleport back in a later chapter? Which boss room is it? The first prince arena in chapter 2, there’s a wall full of vases that you can destroy with the wandering wight skill, but I did it with the azure dust transformation also If you are no enough git gud in chapter 1 and run away from big head dude and ring the 3 bell, you locked out from his spirit, since he banish into a LGTB protest. But like some people say you can smack the wall with others skill, i have no tested though. What on earth are you even talking about rn You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m. Oh no sorry I HAVE the big head dude I was worried about the missing Second Rat Prince spirit locking me out. So which wall? The one after first Rat Prince? Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall. The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle
The first prince arena in chapter 2, there’s a wall full of vases that you can destroy with the wandering wight skill, but I did it with the azure dust transformation also
If you are no enough git gud in chapter 1 and run away from big head dude and ring the 3 bell, you locked out from his spirit, since he banish into a LGTB protest. But like some people say you can smack the wall with others skill, i have no tested though. What on earth are you even talking about rn You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m. Oh no sorry I HAVE the big head dude I was worried about the missing Second Rat Prince spirit locking me out. So which wall? The one after first Rat Prince? Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall. The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle
What on earth are you even talking about rn You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m.
You need to forget the man and return to monkey to understand m.
Oh no sorry I HAVE the big head dude I was worried about the missing Second Rat Prince spirit locking me out. So which wall? The one after first Rat Prince? Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall. The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle
Go to the arena where you fight the big rat in chapter 2 in the cave. You'll see a wall with a lot of symbols on it. Go to roughly the center of it and use the big head spirit summon and you'll break a hole in the wall.
The wall in the left looking towards the pit. There’s no real indicator but just kinda hit the middle
You can break the wall using the Azure Dust transformation.  So you can’t lock yourself out if any of the Loong fights
There are many ways to break the wall, the boss can do it, the man in stone can, maybe any heavy attack can That's NOT the Man-In-Stone
That's NOT the Man-In-Stone
You can just walk through the gap can't you?
Thank you, turns out the giant rat opened the wall and I found the room already, it was that cryptic room with the mural and some dude yapping about deeds
You can claim the spirits when you rest
Victor Mature?
The gatekeeper boss is definitely on another level. I died a bunch of times too, but his soul is really valuable throughout the game. His soul skill can interrupt a lot of charge-up attacks.
That dude worked me over. Honestly, Wandering Wight and Whiteclad Noble were some of the hardest bosses in the game, given the tools you have at the time you fight them. I'm on Chapter 6 now, but wasn't sure I would have any chance of beating the game based off the first few bosses. I really needed to hear this. Thank you. Make sure you find the optional boss that's kind of hidden. If you go left near Wandering Wight, you should find him. If you kill him, you get a transformation spell that helps quite a bit. You likely have done this, but it is one that can be missed or skipped. Also, Wandering Wight is tough, but probably a little easier than Whiteclad Noble. I suggest killing WW first so you get his spirt summon to help with Whiteclad Noble. I'm on Chapter 6 now, but wasn't sure I would have any chance of beating the game based off the first few bosses. Moreso this statement. I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on. You've given me faith. I ended up beating the wolfy boi first go and now I'm on the flamboyant magician. I'm old though. Not much time to play. Slow and steady. Yeah wandering wight is pretty hard because you don’t get any cool abilities or spells - as you level up you get wayyyy stronger but bosses don’t get much more difficult I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on I mean this statement is definitely not true because the more you play the game the more you improve. The more tools you get, upgrades etc. i would say the game has a quite fair degree in which difficulty increases. At the same time i dont want to scare you or anything but there are some extremely difficult bosses in this game. That really need pristine reaction speed. But they are also optional. The only insane boss you need to actually beat is the final one. Took me about 20-30 tries to beat the guy and I had some real doom set in. I just beat the tiger on the second go but hear a lot of people struggling with him. There’s hope! I killed the white an hour ago. How do I get his move? I got the transform into fire wolf one. .. There is an NPC you will encounter in this chapter with a gourd on his back.  He gives you a small gourd which lets you trap souls after fights.  At that point you should be able to pick up 'missed souls' at the Incense shrine.  Going forward you will be able to use the gourd to harvest the souls of some elite monsters. Which optional boss are you talking about? This is encouraging. I spent 3 hours on wandering wight last night. I kept thinking “if I just did a little more damage, one more spell, or a bit more health…” The answer is always...you took too much damage. Instead of focusing on doing more damage to bosses, put more thought into taking less damage instead. Some moves are gonna be pretty damn hard to avoid so you need to memorize every move that you CAN avoid. Avoid taking unnecessary damage and save it for the moves you just can't figure out. Don't try to approach the boss fights as a race to who can cause the most damage the quickest without thinking about defense. You will lose every time if that's your plan. You HAVE to learn how to dodge better. Well yes, thankyou for the advice. My souls training did kick in here. For the first half of my runs I didn’t try to damage him at all and just practice avoiding his attacks and learning where my heal/hit windows are (usually what I do in souls games). I’d reliably get him down to 1/3rd of his heath almost every try before taking any damage, then get killed there over and over when I’d fail some dodges or he’s spam the AOE and stomp etc. I’m just getting use to the game, but the dodging does have a different feel, and I found a lot of his attacks felt very situational to dodge properly. It was also hard to tell some of his similar combos apart. I think I’ll just get better at it over time. If you want, you could go past him and pick up the Wolf spirit in the area.  The transformation gives you an iframe while transforming, and  a unique health bar.  If you can whittle Wight to 1/3 of his hp, you can transform as a panic button and unga bunga him down. Ah yes, I fought him first and had it. But that is a good idea. I basically beat him by starting the fight with that transform and constantly staggering him, then respeccing all my points into stamina which I used to stagger him repeatedly again with light attack combos. Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me. "if only I had 3x the mana" -me at ch 1 and me at ch 6 My thoughts exactly White clad noble snake form was so fucking annoying. But Yin Tiger is harder than both of those dudes combined. I only survived off luck and the See No Evil head gear that makes perfect dodges easier. I seriously thought WW was just a mid-boss you had to beat to continue and was starting to get dejected after days of being stuck on him until I broke down and read a guide and realized he's meant to be initially skipped. I’m still stuck in Whitechad Noble 😭
I really needed to hear this. Thank you. Make sure you find the optional boss that's kind of hidden. If you go left near Wandering Wight, you should find him. If you kill him, you get a transformation spell that helps quite a bit. You likely have done this, but it is one that can be missed or skipped. Also, Wandering Wight is tough, but probably a little easier than Whiteclad Noble. I suggest killing WW first so you get his spirt summon to help with Whiteclad Noble. I'm on Chapter 6 now, but wasn't sure I would have any chance of beating the game based off the first few bosses. Moreso this statement. I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on. You've given me faith. I ended up beating the wolfy boi first go and now I'm on the flamboyant magician. I'm old though. Not much time to play. Slow and steady. Yeah wandering wight is pretty hard because you don’t get any cool abilities or spells - as you level up you get wayyyy stronger but bosses don’t get much more difficult I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on I mean this statement is definitely not true because the more you play the game the more you improve. The more tools you get, upgrades etc. i would say the game has a quite fair degree in which difficulty increases. At the same time i dont want to scare you or anything but there are some extremely difficult bosses in this game. That really need pristine reaction speed. But they are also optional. The only insane boss you need to actually beat is the final one. Took me about 20-30 tries to beat the guy and I had some real doom set in. I just beat the tiger on the second go but hear a lot of people struggling with him. There’s hope! I killed the white an hour ago. How do I get his move? I got the transform into fire wolf one. .. There is an NPC you will encounter in this chapter with a gourd on his back.  He gives you a small gourd which lets you trap souls after fights.  At that point you should be able to pick up 'missed souls' at the Incense shrine.  Going forward you will be able to use the gourd to harvest the souls of some elite monsters. Which optional boss are you talking about?
Make sure you find the optional boss that's kind of hidden. If you go left near Wandering Wight, you should find him. If you kill him, you get a transformation spell that helps quite a bit. You likely have done this, but it is one that can be missed or skipped. Also, Wandering Wight is tough, but probably a little easier than Whiteclad Noble. I suggest killing WW first so you get his spirt summon to help with Whiteclad Noble. I'm on Chapter 6 now, but wasn't sure I would have any chance of beating the game based off the first few bosses. Moreso this statement. I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on. You've given me faith. I ended up beating the wolfy boi first go and now I'm on the flamboyant magician. I'm old though. Not much time to play. Slow and steady. Yeah wandering wight is pretty hard because you don’t get any cool abilities or spells - as you level up you get wayyyy stronger but bosses don’t get much more difficult I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on I mean this statement is definitely not true because the more you play the game the more you improve. The more tools you get, upgrades etc. i would say the game has a quite fair degree in which difficulty increases. At the same time i dont want to scare you or anything but there are some extremely difficult bosses in this game. That really need pristine reaction speed. But they are also optional. The only insane boss you need to actually beat is the final one. Took me about 20-30 tries to beat the guy and I had some real doom set in. I just beat the tiger on the second go but hear a lot of people struggling with him. There’s hope! I killed the white an hour ago. How do I get his move? I got the transform into fire wolf one. .. There is an NPC you will encounter in this chapter with a gourd on his back.  He gives you a small gourd which lets you trap souls after fights.  At that point you should be able to pick up 'missed souls' at the Incense shrine.  Going forward you will be able to use the gourd to harvest the souls of some elite monsters. Which optional boss are you talking about?
I'm on Chapter 6 now, but wasn't sure I would have any chance of beating the game based off the first few bosses. Moreso this statement. I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on. You've given me faith. I ended up beating the wolfy boi first go and now I'm on the flamboyant magician. I'm old though. Not much time to play. Slow and steady. Yeah wandering wight is pretty hard because you don’t get any cool abilities or spells - as you level up you get wayyyy stronger but bosses don’t get much more difficult I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on I mean this statement is definitely not true because the more you play the game the more you improve. The more tools you get, upgrades etc. i would say the game has a quite fair degree in which difficulty increases. At the same time i dont want to scare you or anything but there are some extremely difficult bosses in this game. That really need pristine reaction speed. But they are also optional. The only insane boss you need to actually beat is the final one. Took me about 20-30 tries to beat the guy and I had some real doom set in. I just beat the tiger on the second go but hear a lot of people struggling with him. There’s hope!
Yeah wandering wight is pretty hard because you don’t get any cool abilities or spells - as you level up you get wayyyy stronger but bosses don’t get much more difficult
I finally beat WW last night but was thinking there's no way I'll ever get far in this game if I'm already getting whooped this early on I mean this statement is definitely not true because the more you play the game the more you improve. The more tools you get, upgrades etc. i would say the game has a quite fair degree in which difficulty increases. At the same time i dont want to scare you or anything but there are some extremely difficult bosses in this game. That really need pristine reaction speed. But they are also optional. The only insane boss you need to actually beat is the final one.
Took me about 20-30 tries to beat the guy and I had some real doom set in. I just beat the tiger on the second go but hear a lot of people struggling with him. There’s hope!
I killed the white an hour ago. How do I get his move? I got the transform into fire wolf one. .. There is an NPC you will encounter in this chapter with a gourd on his back.  He gives you a small gourd which lets you trap souls after fights.  At that point you should be able to pick up 'missed souls' at the Incense shrine.  Going forward you will be able to use the gourd to harvest the souls of some elite monsters.
There is an NPC you will encounter in this chapter with a gourd on his back.  He gives you a small gourd which lets you trap souls after fights.  At that point you should be able to pick up 'missed souls' at the Incense shrine.  Going forward you will be able to use the gourd to harvest the souls of some elite monsters.
Which optional boss are you talking about?
This is encouraging. I spent 3 hours on wandering wight last night. I kept thinking “if I just did a little more damage, one more spell, or a bit more health…” The answer is always...you took too much damage. Instead of focusing on doing more damage to bosses, put more thought into taking less damage instead. Some moves are gonna be pretty damn hard to avoid so you need to memorize every move that you CAN avoid. Avoid taking unnecessary damage and save it for the moves you just can't figure out. Don't try to approach the boss fights as a race to who can cause the most damage the quickest without thinking about defense. You will lose every time if that's your plan. You HAVE to learn how to dodge better. Well yes, thankyou for the advice. My souls training did kick in here. For the first half of my runs I didn’t try to damage him at all and just practice avoiding his attacks and learning where my heal/hit windows are (usually what I do in souls games). I’d reliably get him down to 1/3rd of his heath almost every try before taking any damage, then get killed there over and over when I’d fail some dodges or he’s spam the AOE and stomp etc. I’m just getting use to the game, but the dodging does have a different feel, and I found a lot of his attacks felt very situational to dodge properly. It was also hard to tell some of his similar combos apart. I think I’ll just get better at it over time. If you want, you could go past him and pick up the Wolf spirit in the area.  The transformation gives you an iframe while transforming, and  a unique health bar.  If you can whittle Wight to 1/3 of his hp, you can transform as a panic button and unga bunga him down. Ah yes, I fought him first and had it. But that is a good idea. I basically beat him by starting the fight with that transform and constantly staggering him, then respeccing all my points into stamina which I used to stagger him repeatedly again with light attack combos. Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me. "if only I had 3x the mana" -me at ch 1 and me at ch 6
The answer is always...you took too much damage. Instead of focusing on doing more damage to bosses, put more thought into taking less damage instead. Some moves are gonna be pretty damn hard to avoid so you need to memorize every move that you CAN avoid. Avoid taking unnecessary damage and save it for the moves you just can't figure out. Don't try to approach the boss fights as a race to who can cause the most damage the quickest without thinking about defense. You will lose every time if that's your plan. You HAVE to learn how to dodge better. Well yes, thankyou for the advice. My souls training did kick in here. For the first half of my runs I didn’t try to damage him at all and just practice avoiding his attacks and learning where my heal/hit windows are (usually what I do in souls games). I’d reliably get him down to 1/3rd of his heath almost every try before taking any damage, then get killed there over and over when I’d fail some dodges or he’s spam the AOE and stomp etc. I’m just getting use to the game, but the dodging does have a different feel, and I found a lot of his attacks felt very situational to dodge properly. It was also hard to tell some of his similar combos apart. I think I’ll just get better at it over time. If you want, you could go past him and pick up the Wolf spirit in the area.  The transformation gives you an iframe while transforming, and  a unique health bar.  If you can whittle Wight to 1/3 of his hp, you can transform as a panic button and unga bunga him down. Ah yes, I fought him first and had it. But that is a good idea. I basically beat him by starting the fight with that transform and constantly staggering him, then respeccing all my points into stamina which I used to stagger him repeatedly again with light attack combos. Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me.
Well yes, thankyou for the advice. My souls training did kick in here. For the first half of my runs I didn’t try to damage him at all and just practice avoiding his attacks and learning where my heal/hit windows are (usually what I do in souls games). I’d reliably get him down to 1/3rd of his heath almost every try before taking any damage, then get killed there over and over when I’d fail some dodges or he’s spam the AOE and stomp etc. I’m just getting use to the game, but the dodging does have a different feel, and I found a lot of his attacks felt very situational to dodge properly. It was also hard to tell some of his similar combos apart. I think I’ll just get better at it over time. If you want, you could go past him and pick up the Wolf spirit in the area.  The transformation gives you an iframe while transforming, and  a unique health bar.  If you can whittle Wight to 1/3 of his hp, you can transform as a panic button and unga bunga him down. Ah yes, I fought him first and had it. But that is a good idea. I basically beat him by starting the fight with that transform and constantly staggering him, then respeccing all my points into stamina which I used to stagger him repeatedly again with light attack combos. Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me.
If you want, you could go past him and pick up the Wolf spirit in the area.  The transformation gives you an iframe while transforming, and  a unique health bar.  If you can whittle Wight to 1/3 of his hp, you can transform as a panic button and unga bunga him down. Ah yes, I fought him first and had it. But that is a good idea. I basically beat him by starting the fight with that transform and constantly staggering him, then respeccing all my points into stamina which I used to stagger him repeatedly again with light attack combos. Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me.
Ah yes, I fought him first and had it. But that is a good idea. I basically beat him by starting the fight with that transform and constantly staggering him, then respeccing all my points into stamina which I used to stagger him repeatedly again with light attack combos. Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me.
Yeah, if you're okay with holding on to the transform it's super useful for when any boss gets access to their extended/enhanced combos or dodging unethical attacks.  What you're doing works too.  I think some people stall out the fights to transform again later, but that always felt like more trouble than it's worth for me. I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me.
I agree. I tried playing more defensively and taking it slower, just feels like more time to mess up for me.
"if only I had 3x the mana" -me at ch 1 and me at ch 6
My thoughts exactly
White clad noble snake form was so fucking annoying. But Yin Tiger is harder than both of those dudes combined. I only survived off luck and the See No Evil head gear that makes perfect dodges easier.
I seriously thought WW was just a mid-boss you had to beat to continue and was starting to get dejected after days of being stuck on him until I broke down and read a guide and realized he's meant to be initially skipped.
I’m still stuck in Whitechad Noble 😭
I gained like 10-12 levels (sparks) killing the fodder getting to Big Head Ted. This dude killed me more times than I care to count. But I finally put him down and what a glorious relief it was. I almost stopped playing and was mad at myself for buying another souls  game I wouldn't finish. Then I slept on it and remembered long ago, the reflexes that in another life beat ninja gaiden. Hey, another one of us in the wild. This game took me a bit more getting used to though, due to the lack of block. Having said that, block didn't exactly give me much relief from the flaming chapter 1 ninjas through Master Ninja mode. There's a good reason why I needed so much new underwear through that chapter. I'll get through Wukong some day. Any day now. Eventually. Hopefully before the inevitable heart attack. i loved ninja gaiden on xbox. some of the bosses there were instand. makes wukong look easy.. or maybe its my memory Yep, like 2 straight hours fighting this guy.  Smooth sailing all the way up to the damn Noble.  I finally beat him... and then the mofo starts phase 2. Thank god I wasn’t the only one. Makes me feel a little better about myself lmao.
I almost stopped playing and was mad at myself for buying another souls  game I wouldn't finish. Then I slept on it and remembered long ago, the reflexes that in another life beat ninja gaiden. Hey, another one of us in the wild. This game took me a bit more getting used to though, due to the lack of block. Having said that, block didn't exactly give me much relief from the flaming chapter 1 ninjas through Master Ninja mode. There's a good reason why I needed so much new underwear through that chapter. I'll get through Wukong some day. Any day now. Eventually. Hopefully before the inevitable heart attack. i loved ninja gaiden on xbox. some of the bosses there were instand. makes wukong look easy.. or maybe its my memory
Hey, another one of us in the wild. This game took me a bit more getting used to though, due to the lack of block. Having said that, block didn't exactly give me much relief from the flaming chapter 1 ninjas through Master Ninja mode. There's a good reason why I needed so much new underwear through that chapter. I'll get through Wukong some day. Any day now. Eventually. Hopefully before the inevitable heart attack.
i loved ninja gaiden on xbox. some of the bosses there were instand. makes wukong look easy.. or maybe its my memory
Yep, like 2 straight hours fighting this guy.  Smooth sailing all the way up to the damn Noble.  I finally beat him... and then the mofo starts phase 2.
Thank god I wasn’t the only one. Makes me feel a little better about myself lmao.
Got to him first, before getting first transform, I see a boss a kill a boss, well I try at least 🤣 and then u see blue wisp floating and we can't absorb it...whaaaat? 🤣
Entering act 4, still my spirit Best spirit in the game imo. Fast activation. Instant knockdown. Consistently high damage throughout the game and the passive is a massive defense boost. Yea I just can't see why I would ever switch it. I have it completely upgraded as well. It takes a healthy bite out of every boss's health bar. It's great when you're fighting a boss and forget to use it then you remember and use it and it instantly kills the boss. It’s definitely a good spirit but there are better ones. Oh your gonna have fun if you like doing optional bosses lol Can’t wait to find the Loong! Only one I ever used 🫡
Best spirit in the game imo. Fast activation. Instant knockdown. Consistently high damage throughout the game and the passive is a massive defense boost. Yea I just can't see why I would ever switch it. I have it completely upgraded as well. It takes a healthy bite out of every boss's health bar. It's great when you're fighting a boss and forget to use it then you remember and use it and it instantly kills the boss. It’s definitely a good spirit but there are better ones.
Yea I just can't see why I would ever switch it. I have it completely upgraded as well. It takes a healthy bite out of every boss's health bar. It's great when you're fighting a boss and forget to use it then you remember and use it and it instantly kills the boss. It’s definitely a good spirit but there are better ones.
It’s definitely a good spirit but there are better ones.
Oh your gonna have fun if you like doing optional bosses lol Can’t wait to find the Loong!
Can’t wait to find the Loong!
Only one I ever used 🫡
I killed him. Missed the fire boss entirely until the end of chapter 2 then saw some gameplay and realised i missed a whole powerup lmao. I realized that after beating the black bear in chapter one 😂 wouldve been helpful Did you ring the three bells too and meet the wight's big brother? That one I did. I actually searched for the bells. Then I met the boss and was like, you again???? The WHAT!? Every chapter has a hidden mechanic/boss that gives you an item to cheese the final boss of the chapter. If you explore the map in chp1 you will find some bosses to kill that have bells behind them. Once you ring 3 bells you will be transported to a hidden area where you fight wight v2. Which has 90% the same moveset so if you beat wight you can beat him. It unlocks a new mechanic to use an OP item, in this case this item makes you immune to burn.
I realized that after beating the black bear in chapter one 😂 wouldve been helpful
Did you ring the three bells too and meet the wight's big brother? That one I did. I actually searched for the bells. Then I met the boss and was like, you again???? The WHAT!? Every chapter has a hidden mechanic/boss that gives you an item to cheese the final boss of the chapter. If you explore the map in chp1 you will find some bosses to kill that have bells behind them. Once you ring 3 bells you will be transported to a hidden area where you fight wight v2. Which has 90% the same moveset so if you beat wight you can beat him. It unlocks a new mechanic to use an OP item, in this case this item makes you immune to burn.
That one I did. I actually searched for the bells. Then I met the boss and was like, you again????
The WHAT!? Every chapter has a hidden mechanic/boss that gives you an item to cheese the final boss of the chapter. If you explore the map in chp1 you will find some bosses to kill that have bells behind them. Once you ring 3 bells you will be transported to a hidden area where you fight wight v2. Which has 90% the same moveset so if you beat wight you can beat him. It unlocks a new mechanic to use an OP item, in this case this item makes you immune to burn.
Every chapter has a hidden mechanic/boss that gives you an item to cheese the final boss of the chapter. If you explore the map in chp1 you will find some bosses to kill that have bells behind them. Once you ring 3 bells you will be transported to a hidden area where you fight wight v2. Which has 90% the same moveset so if you beat wight you can beat him. It unlocks a new mechanic to use an OP item, in this case this item makes you immune to burn.
TBH, for me the first real test was the White Clad Noble. 3 long days trying to beat that mf. Yeah this dude was tough but White clad Noble made me have to  got to be and retry the next day I almost thought he was gonna be a game ender for me  because just getting through the first phase was tough, I nearly cried the first time I saw the second phase lol
Yeah this dude was tough but White clad Noble made me have to  got to be and retry the next day I almost thought he was gonna be a game ender for me  because just getting through the first phase was tough, I nearly cried the first time I saw the second phase lol
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: MiSc_ShadowstR 点赞: 5 时间: 2024-08-30T15:42:40.630000+0000 内容: Honestly i would have struggled a lot on the later bosses if not for this dude. Idk what it is exactly about this but this mf taught me dodging, learning patterns and resolute strike all at once.
I'm finishing chapter 3 and not a single boss since blue big head baby has taken me as long.
Why does he disappear after you fight the gold one? I messed up and defeat the gold one and now he doesn't spawn for me Because he’s the grudging soul of the gold one. When you beat the gold boy, his grudges dissipate and so gone the blue boy.
Because he’s the grudging soul of the gold one. When you beat the gold boy, his grudges dissipate and so gone the blue boy.
I got clapped by that dude like forever. He beat me like it was his job. Like I should have filed a police report it was so bad. Finally beat him though, so I guess it's okay.
I will have so much revenge on this guy in my second run. I’ll kick his ass, but every-time he is about to die I will reload. I got receipts lil bro… I’ll kill him twice for every-time he killed me.
He's clapping my cheeks.
I was thinking I was supposed to run by him and come back later with how bad he was beating my ass at first
I'm sad I locked myself outta his fight. Went back after beating Elder Jinchi and was ready to give him an ass whooping and he disappeared.
I still use his transformation spell often, it's pretty damn good.
He stayed by my side until the very end
I didn't beat him before completing chapter 1 thinking I'd be able to fight him later. He's gone now, and I don't get his spirit form. :*(
I skipped him until I got to chapter two, with enough skills to kill him, and travelled back to his location and he is no longer there.
For me dis mf
Naming my first born after this fucker
Wandering wight was shockingly easier for me than the fire guy in the same area. Took me 2 tries for wight but like 20 for firedude and more for whiteclad. Idk what it is but when the boss is "big" in size I'm able to dodge easier even if they're quick. Like non-able
I cheesed him a bit. If you go around, you can grab this fire transformation from another boss, which can do some decent damage. Slow cooldown though.
Best spirit
One of the best spirits in the game tho. Especially early on with the defense buff
Dude my son is six and beat him at level 10 on his third try after I lost 5 times
Good old baby head
I want him on my t-shirt
DaBaby
“又来了嗷， 老弟！” = “you again, BRO!” Think it's "here I come again little bro" since there's no comma
Think it's "here I come again little bro" since there's no comma
I still dont get all this, he took me 5 tries. Is this a running joke with the community or something?
用户已删除评论
Is that a shirt
Who? Oh...Not Jinchi. The Wandering Wight. Did that one on my second attempt. I always thought he was a mandatory boss, the way forward is past him. I had just hit level 5 and got pillar stance, probably had 3 points in the stance tree so had 2 focus points, just bullied him with bonking him on the head and heavy attack finishers, poor guy probably spent 80% of the fight being stunned or on the ground in my fight.
Test? This easy thing?
After like three tries I just decided to skip him until later and messed him up. Apparently he is missable and glad I was able to get the spirit.
Got the game yesterday. Spent 3 hours in him last night. sigh Here we go. you got this! learn to avoid his nasty range skills and dodge well. and notice after he launches major skills, he is a bit dizzy. that’s when you strike!!!!
you got this! learn to avoid his nasty range skills and dodge well. and notice after he launches major skills, he is a bit dizzy. that’s when you strike!!!!
This son of a bitch. I gave up on him thinking I'd power up and come back later but he disappeared
Honestly I want to do a play through where I finish every boss with a headbutt from this guy lol
I see your Tree Sentinel and raise you one Wandering Wight
Is that a shirt? Looks sick, if it is drop us the link!
I love the sound design when he laughs
Gotta buy as much merch/fan merch I can next time I’m in China…
For me wandering wight and yellow sage. Gosh the yellow sage was so hard. I had to do some other stuff to buff slightly and then take him out. The white noble guy I killed him in single try. Maybe luck
Bro saved me so many times. Worth cultivating.
Must say it was fun going back to him in NG and getting all my clones to crash a fully charged heavy attack on him and almost delete him instantly. Fucker gave me ptsd
Quickly realised abusing focus point stagger combo’s is the way forward, resolute strike negating damage is so op, solo’d guangmo,the frog,the grey wolf and the black wolf, almost gave up on at the start after spending hours on WW thinking if I’m struggling this much i’ll have no chance
That guy was fun.. was yelling and cursing at the TV after dying within a few hits of killing him.  Good times reminds of playing the early souls games.
I have met him everyday since last week
That fat baby kicked my ass sp many times
I'll never forget this dude, AND HIS BROTHER!!!
I thought this was just a new mob, and I was wondering this was so hard.
Pshh first test was secret wolf dude before this guy
Did you draw this ?
So… i lost lost lost lost and decided i was simply too weak… I kept respawning and realized that fighting the smaller goons kept adding will and spirit so i kept leveling in the same forest area. Killed just a few goons and then run back to checkpoint for reload. Then i fought the fire wolf, and within maybe 4-5 tries i beat the wight. What helped was: Perfect dodging, immobilize was proc’d twice, and 1x fire wolf transformation. The rest was running into the bloodshed head first and spamming light/heavy
Man just got past him yesterday. It took me twenty tries altogether to defeat him lol.
I don’t think any game journalist got past this thick boy…. lmao
lmao
Is this one a t shirt ? Where can I get it Yeah it’s a shirt , saw it on TikTok and ordered , let me try to get you the link
Yeah it’s a shirt , saw it on TikTok and ordered , let me try to get you the link
NARGH!
need this one
Can I get a translation of the characters? And maybe a clean copy of the graphic? “Hey bud, you’re here again”
“Hey bud, you’re here again”
So many people's nightmare
fuck this motherfucker, this is my first soulslike game and im trying to beat him for 3 hours and I thought buying dlc would make easier to beat him, but its still the same shit difficulty😂 Ok I'm glad I read this. I just got it, same, first souls like and after like a dozen tries I was like wtf what is wrong with me am I missing something? So he is actually hard? Cause at least 50% of the time I've died is from back to back attacks that take half my health and I don't get a chance to dodge after he knocks me down with the first attack. I came here to see what tf was happening and read these comments and now I don't feel QUITE so bad
Ok I'm glad I read this. I just got it, same, first souls like and after like a dozen tries I was like wtf what is wrong with me am I missing something? So he is actually hard? Cause at least 50% of the time I've died is from back to back attacks that take half my health and I don't get a chance to dodge after he knocks me down with the first attack. I came here to see what tf was happening and read these comments and now I don't feel QUITE so bad
How fast can you say take my 💵 😂 bro where can I get one lol
The best spirit also.
Wow!!!!! Super nice
Just wait until you meet Elder Inchi
Actually that was one of the hardest bosses I’ve ever met
I ran past him
Ah, this one, The Newbie Cleaner they say.
I've just reached Chapter 4 and this guy was probably still the hardest fight (relative to player strength). I think the most I've died is 3 times on anything else this far but the Wight took me about 15 tries getting oneshot.
Was this guy really that bad? I mean he rampaged me the first couple goes but it was only like a few tries before i beat him?? I couldn’t even retrieve his soul it was so early. Now chapter 3, that fkn opening boss. Clapped me instantly.
Approves
I don’t know why the fuck you would have a voice line saying if you go past the gate you can’t go back, when they know they put this cunt at the beginning, and then when you beat him you can’t even absorb his soul. Just garbage game design
I’m really sad I missed out on him I went back to fight him and he was gone
Players: "Guangzhi, aid me!" 广智助我！ (I don't play action games because I'm too slow... so I'd probably end up max level before I could take down a chapter 1 boss, lmao. Also I don't have a computer good enough to give Wukong the glory it deserves.)
I thought he was easy I got him try 2 but the noble beat my ass several times
Think I played til I got to level 24?  Crushed him lol
版主已移除评论 Hello u/vinegaryscrote420 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/vinegaryscrote420 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Shut up and take my money. No seriously, how can I buy??
Damn I'm glad I'm not the only one! Literally died upwards of 20 times before I beat this guy. Yet 2nd tried Darth Maul and 1st try on the Wolf. That ki blast he throws almost made me break my controller.
I beat him first try…
I died once to him, only did a sliver of damage. I snuck past him and came back much later. he was still hard even overleveled.
