================================================================================  评论列表:
Boss at his final sliver of health Me at my final sliver of health Gourd Depleted, Mana depleted, No pills left Suddenly I see the transformation icon glowing Y , Y , Y. Three heavy attack swipes, down goes Yellow wind sage. One of the more exhilarating gaming moments for me. track me I’m currently on chapter 5 but Fuck the yellow wind sage. Looking back, he’s def not the hardest I’ve faced so far but probably the one who’s made me rage the hardest while fighting him. I genuinely thought I was never gonna beat him and when I did the feeling was just amazing. Fucking strained my voice yelling my lungs out after countless deaths… I was so done with this chapter 💀 EDIT: I didn’t use the ch 2 vessel and tbh I didn’t even know about the secret kingdom/ any secret in ch 1 or 2 until I searched up secret items and I felt hella disappointed in myself cause the vessel could’ve helped big time and my soul didn’t need to feel absolutely crushed fighting him. But it made the win much more satisfying Scorpion guy is my current obstical. I KNOW HE'S OPTIONAL, but the Centipede boss in Chapter 4 has a TERRIBLE hit box, and I just want to cheese it. Tho, ironically, I got him to about 20% on my first try, and I FEEL that 20% was me trying to hit the dang boss when I'm standing right next to him!! Get him to 75 percent health, use your monkey clones because it causes him to go into a certain attack, use the bat with the freeze right after you summon your clones, beat tf out of his frozen ass, refreeze him with your stop time spell, transform into flame guy in above post, and win. Sorry I never remember the real names for the moves. I like yelling stupid shit at my tv like shadow clone jutsu and dununununununununu batman when I use my moves. shadow clone jutsu is hilarious, stealing this I followed along perfectly and will do just this The correct name is "Darwin's battalion". I'm in chapter 6 and that was still top 3 difficulty for me. Yellow Loong killed me the most, so far. GO HARD, don't let him breath Kick his ass, just got done with him like 2 nights ago. Took me a good 45 maybe closer to an hour to beat him. wait for duskveil lol, scorpion lord took me forever tho Scorpion guy From the get go be aggressive like be patient let him do that first leap and slash then immobilize pluck of many his ass See make sure you back him into a corner you’ll win OR Of course enhanced tiger subduing or if you have loong aura pills yeah and spell binder if you are confident in your dodging skill But before this go to xu dog and max out you poison resistance remake the pills Then yeah My theory is we aren't even meant to defeat Scorpionlord on our first playthrough. He's not hostile. He even sets clear boundaries. It's when we violate those boundaries that he ceaselessly pounds us into the dirt. And then he has an amazing fight against the Duskveil later in that area that we don't get if we defeat him. His items aren't even essential. The gourd is whatever and I will never ever need an armor set that boosts my medicine. I think his whole message is "bro, you don't need to kill everything. Take the hint and move on." If you have the yellow long transformation he is the only boss that can get stuck in the loop.  If you want cheese. So I extended transformation and reduce decay it will take about 45% of his life and you can use pellets for another transformation. Start running up so heavy 3 focus and immediately immobilize and transform.  The combo you want to do is light light heavy heavy over and over the second attack stuns him.  There are sometimes he can get out of it if you are couple of frames behind. Aftertranaformarion is complete either immobilize or freeze with bat, take 2 pellets and get might back and transform again and do it over and you should be maybe with 5% life left.  It was easy cheese. Final ch4 guy hit box was my biggest enemy not the boss itself agree, im on chapter 3 so that is very fresh in my mind. Still the hardest I have beat, but wow that feeling of beating him was exhilarating. oh and i had that special item to use once the tornado appeared. It was the best time to use it and my oh my without it for 13 tries was painful In NG++ I forgot to have the chapter 4 vessel equipped when I fought hundred eyes, that was fun to say the least since I had used the vessel on NG and NG+. Definitely drew the fight out a bit in length 😂 It's always amusing which bosses give people trouble. I didn't even realize the yellow wind sage was the final boss of Ch2, and beat him first try. However, I died to the fucking Bear and Tiger about 20 times each -_- Wait till chap 5 end boss that's the one where you can use the needle to knock him out of the super hard phase right? I didn't find it too bad after that. That was chap 4 final boss ooo right devil thing. I just beat it a few days ago haha maybe pot does impact the memory I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆 I’m nervous for it.. I’ve seen thumbnails on some YouTubers videos and I’m ready for it. Chapter 4’s boss fight wasn’t as hard as all the other chapters but it was probably the most fun I had with all the other bosses Spell Binder is too goated, but I did miss being able to push through like that a couple times. Yes spellbinder is too good, it's just a shame because i love playing with all the spells and transformations, much more fun I fucking love it when I see that golden flash out of the corner of my eye when it's ready.  when I feel like all hope is lost and I'm about to lose to a boss with a tiny amount of health, fire boi is here to save the day The same thing happened to me too Happened with me for yellow wind sage and yellowbrow
I’m currently on chapter 5 but Fuck the yellow wind sage. Looking back, he’s def not the hardest I’ve faced so far but probably the one who’s made me rage the hardest while fighting him. I genuinely thought I was never gonna beat him and when I did the feeling was just amazing. Fucking strained my voice yelling my lungs out after countless deaths… I was so done with this chapter 💀 EDIT: I didn’t use the ch 2 vessel and tbh I didn’t even know about the secret kingdom/ any secret in ch 1 or 2 until I searched up secret items and I felt hella disappointed in myself cause the vessel could’ve helped big time and my soul didn’t need to feel absolutely crushed fighting him. But it made the win much more satisfying Scorpion guy is my current obstical. I KNOW HE'S OPTIONAL, but the Centipede boss in Chapter 4 has a TERRIBLE hit box, and I just want to cheese it. Tho, ironically, I got him to about 20% on my first try, and I FEEL that 20% was me trying to hit the dang boss when I'm standing right next to him!! Get him to 75 percent health, use your monkey clones because it causes him to go into a certain attack, use the bat with the freeze right after you summon your clones, beat tf out of his frozen ass, refreeze him with your stop time spell, transform into flame guy in above post, and win. Sorry I never remember the real names for the moves. I like yelling stupid shit at my tv like shadow clone jutsu and dununununununununu batman when I use my moves. shadow clone jutsu is hilarious, stealing this I followed along perfectly and will do just this The correct name is "Darwin's battalion". I'm in chapter 6 and that was still top 3 difficulty for me. Yellow Loong killed me the most, so far. GO HARD, don't let him breath Kick his ass, just got done with him like 2 nights ago. Took me a good 45 maybe closer to an hour to beat him. wait for duskveil lol, scorpion lord took me forever tho Scorpion guy From the get go be aggressive like be patient let him do that first leap and slash then immobilize pluck of many his ass See make sure you back him into a corner you’ll win OR Of course enhanced tiger subduing or if you have loong aura pills yeah and spell binder if you are confident in your dodging skill But before this go to xu dog and max out you poison resistance remake the pills Then yeah My theory is we aren't even meant to defeat Scorpionlord on our first playthrough. He's not hostile. He even sets clear boundaries. It's when we violate those boundaries that he ceaselessly pounds us into the dirt. And then he has an amazing fight against the Duskveil later in that area that we don't get if we defeat him. His items aren't even essential. The gourd is whatever and I will never ever need an armor set that boosts my medicine. I think his whole message is "bro, you don't need to kill everything. Take the hint and move on." If you have the yellow long transformation he is the only boss that can get stuck in the loop.  If you want cheese. So I extended transformation and reduce decay it will take about 45% of his life and you can use pellets for another transformation. Start running up so heavy 3 focus and immediately immobilize and transform.  The combo you want to do is light light heavy heavy over and over the second attack stuns him.  There are sometimes he can get out of it if you are couple of frames behind. Aftertranaformarion is complete either immobilize or freeze with bat, take 2 pellets and get might back and transform again and do it over and you should be maybe with 5% life left.  It was easy cheese. Final ch4 guy hit box was my biggest enemy not the boss itself agree, im on chapter 3 so that is very fresh in my mind. Still the hardest I have beat, but wow that feeling of beating him was exhilarating. oh and i had that special item to use once the tornado appeared. It was the best time to use it and my oh my without it for 13 tries was painful In NG++ I forgot to have the chapter 4 vessel equipped when I fought hundred eyes, that was fun to say the least since I had used the vessel on NG and NG+. Definitely drew the fight out a bit in length 😂 It's always amusing which bosses give people trouble. I didn't even realize the yellow wind sage was the final boss of Ch2, and beat him first try. However, I died to the fucking Bear and Tiger about 20 times each -_- Wait till chap 5 end boss that's the one where you can use the needle to knock him out of the super hard phase right? I didn't find it too bad after that. That was chap 4 final boss ooo right devil thing. I just beat it a few days ago haha maybe pot does impact the memory I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆 I’m nervous for it.. I’ve seen thumbnails on some YouTubers videos and I’m ready for it. Chapter 4’s boss fight wasn’t as hard as all the other chapters but it was probably the most fun I had with all the other bosses
Scorpion guy is my current obstical. I KNOW HE'S OPTIONAL, but the Centipede boss in Chapter 4 has a TERRIBLE hit box, and I just want to cheese it. Tho, ironically, I got him to about 20% on my first try, and I FEEL that 20% was me trying to hit the dang boss when I'm standing right next to him!! Get him to 75 percent health, use your monkey clones because it causes him to go into a certain attack, use the bat with the freeze right after you summon your clones, beat tf out of his frozen ass, refreeze him with your stop time spell, transform into flame guy in above post, and win. Sorry I never remember the real names for the moves. I like yelling stupid shit at my tv like shadow clone jutsu and dununununununununu batman when I use my moves. shadow clone jutsu is hilarious, stealing this I followed along perfectly and will do just this The correct name is "Darwin's battalion". I'm in chapter 6 and that was still top 3 difficulty for me. Yellow Loong killed me the most, so far. GO HARD, don't let him breath Kick his ass, just got done with him like 2 nights ago. Took me a good 45 maybe closer to an hour to beat him. wait for duskveil lol, scorpion lord took me forever tho Scorpion guy From the get go be aggressive like be patient let him do that first leap and slash then immobilize pluck of many his ass See make sure you back him into a corner you’ll win OR Of course enhanced tiger subduing or if you have loong aura pills yeah and spell binder if you are confident in your dodging skill But before this go to xu dog and max out you poison resistance remake the pills Then yeah My theory is we aren't even meant to defeat Scorpionlord on our first playthrough. He's not hostile. He even sets clear boundaries. It's when we violate those boundaries that he ceaselessly pounds us into the dirt. And then he has an amazing fight against the Duskveil later in that area that we don't get if we defeat him. His items aren't even essential. The gourd is whatever and I will never ever need an armor set that boosts my medicine. I think his whole message is "bro, you don't need to kill everything. Take the hint and move on." If you have the yellow long transformation he is the only boss that can get stuck in the loop.  If you want cheese. So I extended transformation and reduce decay it will take about 45% of his life and you can use pellets for another transformation. Start running up so heavy 3 focus and immediately immobilize and transform.  The combo you want to do is light light heavy heavy over and over the second attack stuns him.  There are sometimes he can get out of it if you are couple of frames behind. Aftertranaformarion is complete either immobilize or freeze with bat, take 2 pellets and get might back and transform again and do it over and you should be maybe with 5% life left.  It was easy cheese. Final ch4 guy hit box was my biggest enemy not the boss itself
Get him to 75 percent health, use your monkey clones because it causes him to go into a certain attack, use the bat with the freeze right after you summon your clones, beat tf out of his frozen ass, refreeze him with your stop time spell, transform into flame guy in above post, and win. Sorry I never remember the real names for the moves. I like yelling stupid shit at my tv like shadow clone jutsu and dununununununununu batman when I use my moves. shadow clone jutsu is hilarious, stealing this I followed along perfectly and will do just this The correct name is "Darwin's battalion".
shadow clone jutsu is hilarious, stealing this
I followed along perfectly and will do just this
The correct name is "Darwin's battalion".
I'm in chapter 6 and that was still top 3 difficulty for me. Yellow Loong killed me the most, so far. GO HARD, don't let him breath
Kick his ass, just got done with him like 2 nights ago. Took me a good 45 maybe closer to an hour to beat him.
wait for duskveil lol, scorpion lord took me forever tho
Scorpion guy From the get go be aggressive like be patient let him do that first leap and slash then immobilize pluck of many his ass See make sure you back him into a corner you’ll win OR Of course enhanced tiger subduing or if you have loong aura pills yeah and spell binder if you are confident in your dodging skill But before this go to xu dog and max out you poison resistance remake the pills Then yeah
My theory is we aren't even meant to defeat Scorpionlord on our first playthrough. He's not hostile. He even sets clear boundaries. It's when we violate those boundaries that he ceaselessly pounds us into the dirt. And then he has an amazing fight against the Duskveil later in that area that we don't get if we defeat him. His items aren't even essential. The gourd is whatever and I will never ever need an armor set that boosts my medicine. I think his whole message is "bro, you don't need to kill everything. Take the hint and move on."
If you have the yellow long transformation he is the only boss that can get stuck in the loop.  If you want cheese. So I extended transformation and reduce decay it will take about 45% of his life and you can use pellets for another transformation. Start running up so heavy 3 focus and immediately immobilize and transform.  The combo you want to do is light light heavy heavy over and over the second attack stuns him.  There are sometimes he can get out of it if you are couple of frames behind. Aftertranaformarion is complete either immobilize or freeze with bat, take 2 pellets and get might back and transform again and do it over and you should be maybe with 5% life left.  It was easy cheese. Final ch4 guy hit box was my biggest enemy not the boss itself
agree, im on chapter 3 so that is very fresh in my mind. Still the hardest I have beat, but wow that feeling of beating him was exhilarating. oh and i had that special item to use once the tornado appeared. It was the best time to use it and my oh my without it for 13 tries was painful
oh and i had that special item to use once the tornado appeared. It was the best time to use it and my oh my without it for 13 tries was painful
In NG++ I forgot to have the chapter 4 vessel equipped when I fought hundred eyes, that was fun to say the least since I had used the vessel on NG and NG+. Definitely drew the fight out a bit in length 😂
It's always amusing which bosses give people trouble. I didn't even realize the yellow wind sage was the final boss of Ch2, and beat him first try. However, I died to the fucking Bear and Tiger about 20 times each -_-
Wait till chap 5 end boss that's the one where you can use the needle to knock him out of the super hard phase right? I didn't find it too bad after that. That was chap 4 final boss ooo right devil thing. I just beat it a few days ago haha maybe pot does impact the memory I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆 I’m nervous for it.. I’ve seen thumbnails on some YouTubers videos and I’m ready for it. Chapter 4’s boss fight wasn’t as hard as all the other chapters but it was probably the most fun I had with all the other bosses
that's the one where you can use the needle to knock him out of the super hard phase right? I didn't find it too bad after that. That was chap 4 final boss ooo right devil thing. I just beat it a few days ago haha maybe pot does impact the memory I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆
That was chap 4 final boss ooo right devil thing. I just beat it a few days ago haha maybe pot does impact the memory I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆
ooo right devil thing. I just beat it a few days ago haha maybe pot does impact the memory I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆
I did use it  on him too lol yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆
yeah it's goods. like a fuckin mosquito Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆
Yeah it annoyed him was funny maken grunts 😆
I’m nervous for it.. I’ve seen thumbnails on some YouTubers videos and I’m ready for it. Chapter 4’s boss fight wasn’t as hard as all the other chapters but it was probably the most fun I had with all the other bosses
Spell Binder is too goated, but I did miss being able to push through like that a couple times. Yes spellbinder is too good, it's just a shame because i love playing with all the spells and transformations, much more fun
Yes spellbinder is too good, it's just a shame because i love playing with all the spells and transformations, much more fun
I fucking love it when I see that golden flash out of the corner of my eye when it's ready.  when I feel like all hope is lost and I'm about to lose to a boss with a tiny amount of health, fire boi is here to save the day
The same thing happened to me too
Happened with me for yellow wind sage and yellowbrow
Sorry but yellow dragon is now my best friend Yellow loong and see through are too good once you unlock it. Especially when you upgrade the see through window. Can easily be invincible for the whole transformation while dishing out nasty punishment counter Erlang: Ah, the Yellow Dragon of Loong. I seem to recall you being vanquished last we fought Yellow boi: I got better. Kicks his fucking shit in with full upgrades I’m struggling to get the see through off :( feels like they always attack at the end of my combo, or at the v beginning. And I feel like I’m not able to use the see through on the first 1-2 hits of my combo You definitely have to get used to him but once you do he can be so broken, his light attacks cost almost no resource and apply lightning on every hit. Combine that with avoiding damage on successful see throughs and you're just in this form for so loong. It definitely gets easier to hit the seethrough after a couple tries at each boss because you have to figure out when their attacks will begin to interrupt your light combo. It's usually light-light-heavy but some bosses have different timing
Yellow loong and see through are too good once you unlock it. Especially when you upgrade the see through window. Can easily be invincible for the whole transformation while dishing out nasty punishment counter Erlang: Ah, the Yellow Dragon of Loong. I seem to recall you being vanquished last we fought Yellow boi: I got better. Kicks his fucking shit in with full upgrades
Especially when you upgrade the see through window. Can easily be invincible for the whole transformation while dishing out nasty punishment counter Erlang: Ah, the Yellow Dragon of Loong. I seem to recall you being vanquished last we fought Yellow boi: I got better. Kicks his fucking shit in with full upgrades
Erlang: Ah, the Yellow Dragon of Loong. I seem to recall you being vanquished last we fought Yellow boi: I got better. Kicks his fucking shit in with full upgrades
I’m struggling to get the see through off :( feels like they always attack at the end of my combo, or at the v beginning. And I feel like I’m not able to use the see through on the first 1-2 hits of my combo You definitely have to get used to him but once you do he can be so broken, his light attacks cost almost no resource and apply lightning on every hit. Combine that with avoiding damage on successful see throughs and you're just in this form for so loong. It definitely gets easier to hit the seethrough after a couple tries at each boss because you have to figure out when their attacks will begin to interrupt your light combo. It's usually light-light-heavy but some bosses have different timing
You definitely have to get used to him but once you do he can be so broken, his light attacks cost almost no resource and apply lightning on every hit. Combine that with avoiding damage on successful see throughs and you're just in this form for so loong. It definitely gets easier to hit the seethrough after a couple tries at each boss because you have to figure out when their attacks will begin to interrupt your light combo. It's usually light-light-heavy but some bosses have different timing
广智救我 Translation: Guang Zhi help me Never in my life did I know I needed to see a meme so much. Peak meme Yeah, even the word 救 (jiù) is more like "save", which used in a grave situation. It also refers to the meme from the original TV series JTTW (1986) in which Tang Monk sometimes shouted "Wukong, save me!" when he was attacked or captured by yaoguais. Lol I don't get it Our wolf boi’s name is “Guangzhi”. The meme is “Guangzhi, save me!” aka when you got an empty gourd and on your last 1% of health, you summon our wolf boi for a last hurrah Ah thanks Ah thanks Lmao the memes
Translation: Guang Zhi help me Never in my life did I know I needed to see a meme so much. Peak meme Yeah, even the word 救 (jiù) is more like "save", which used in a grave situation. It also refers to the meme from the original TV series JTTW (1986) in which Tang Monk sometimes shouted "Wukong, save me!" when he was attacked or captured by yaoguais.
Never in my life did I know I needed to see a meme so much.
Peak meme
Yeah, even the word 救 (jiù) is more like "save", which used in a grave situation. It also refers to the meme from the original TV series JTTW (1986) in which Tang Monk sometimes shouted "Wukong, save me!" when he was attacked or captured by yaoguais.
Lol I don't get it Our wolf boi’s name is “Guangzhi”. The meme is “Guangzhi, save me!” aka when you got an empty gourd and on your last 1% of health, you summon our wolf boi for a last hurrah Ah thanks Ah thanks
I don't get it Our wolf boi’s name is “Guangzhi”. The meme is “Guangzhi, save me!” aka when you got an empty gourd and on your last 1% of health, you summon our wolf boi for a last hurrah Ah thanks Ah thanks
Our wolf boi’s name is “Guangzhi”. The meme is “Guangzhi, save me!” aka when you got an empty gourd and on your last 1% of health, you summon our wolf boi for a last hurrah Ah thanks Ah thanks
Ah thanks
Ah thanks
Lmao the memes
Has one of the highest floors, but one of the lowest ceilings. Perfect for early game and casual players. "The Wandering Wight" of transforms. Dang I still use Wandering Wight.  Seems like the best so far? The most obvious one. But the defense stat becomes less relevant than damage reduction later on, also flat defense increases loses its % value. There are many spirits with decent stats and active abilities. Especially once you get a Gold Embroidered set and can restore Qi fast. The best example to Wight alternative I could provide is the Earth Wolf. Its active ability also does high damage, but it also travels ahead, so can work as a gapcloser. And a passive to increase focus gain is one of the best lategame. My favorite is Non-able. You use it in-between light combo attacks, and it works differently based on when you use it within the light combo. Also works as a gap closer. And the passive stats are insane. And it recharges very fast, Frog is one of the best for NG+ (since you need ch6 to fully upgrade it). Gore-eyed daoist is versatile, since it can be used for extra mana just to press Spell Binder and then equip another spirit. But its active is also good, since it provides you with a "totem" which buffs atk in range. Apramana bat is very good for freeze and disengage at the same time. Tiger acolyte is good for stats and swift active attack +gapcloser. Those are just some of which I used. If you want to fully experience and explore the game, about half of spirits are good for certain cases (I don't deny that some of the spirits feel like fillers). But Wight is truly the simplest one for a player who just wants to complete the story and not to overthink anything. My biggest issue is missing 1/2 of all my headbutts with Wandering Wight. I use earth wolf cause no more such skill issue lmao. Granted I think earth wolf also does slightly less dmg but it makes up for the better passive (more focus on light attacks). I agree. The damage diff is minimal late game, and the passive is better once you have high base armor im playing exclusively through RemotePlay, so I may just stick with Wight for now until I feel like its being overpowered. Just got to Pluck of Many area, and heading to Yellow Wind Ridge or whatever, so I know I am still quite early on. Mad tiger for insane damage when I get frustrated with a boss In my opinion Top Takes Bottom,Bottom Takes Top is the superior version of Wandering Wight Can't go wrong with big bonking baby with any build, but here are other ones that fits specific builds better. I am having too much fun with Non-able. Frog when fully upgraded is imo thr best when i comes to dmg As it should be being the only mythical spirit Baby is great and nothing wrong to stuck with it.  At end game you can do thousands of DMG with the hit. But many other spirit is useful for lots of other builds.  For example poison build you can use the one that spit poison on the ground.  For qi and cc build you can use the bat or the one that spins the fan which both freeze very good.  They are good because you can then mobile spin and restore massive amount of qi.  For spell binder build you should use the daoist for mana and buff then swap to non able.  I also have a ng+ build with Max movement speed.  For that you use the bug that add movement speed. Etc Wait there’s one that will restore Qi? Edit - nvm got briefly confused with Mana It is, trust. It is one of the best. I beat erlang with him, ur good. I finally moved on from Wandering Wight after using that spirit since I got it in the beginning. I now try out Earth Wolf. Its passive skill (grants small amount of focus with each hit) and the big damage + staggers when activating it makes that spirit so good for me. I used Wandering Wight for 2 playthroughs.  It takes off like 35% of health on bosses and adds 30 defense when maxed out... Guy above is clueless
Dang I still use Wandering Wight.  Seems like the best so far? The most obvious one. But the defense stat becomes less relevant than damage reduction later on, also flat defense increases loses its % value. There are many spirits with decent stats and active abilities. Especially once you get a Gold Embroidered set and can restore Qi fast. The best example to Wight alternative I could provide is the Earth Wolf. Its active ability also does high damage, but it also travels ahead, so can work as a gapcloser. And a passive to increase focus gain is one of the best lategame. My favorite is Non-able. You use it in-between light combo attacks, and it works differently based on when you use it within the light combo. Also works as a gap closer. And the passive stats are insane. And it recharges very fast, Frog is one of the best for NG+ (since you need ch6 to fully upgrade it). Gore-eyed daoist is versatile, since it can be used for extra mana just to press Spell Binder and then equip another spirit. But its active is also good, since it provides you with a "totem" which buffs atk in range. Apramana bat is very good for freeze and disengage at the same time. Tiger acolyte is good for stats and swift active attack +gapcloser. Those are just some of which I used. If you want to fully experience and explore the game, about half of spirits are good for certain cases (I don't deny that some of the spirits feel like fillers). But Wight is truly the simplest one for a player who just wants to complete the story and not to overthink anything. My biggest issue is missing 1/2 of all my headbutts with Wandering Wight. I use earth wolf cause no more such skill issue lmao. Granted I think earth wolf also does slightly less dmg but it makes up for the better passive (more focus on light attacks). I agree. The damage diff is minimal late game, and the passive is better once you have high base armor im playing exclusively through RemotePlay, so I may just stick with Wight for now until I feel like its being overpowered. Just got to Pluck of Many area, and heading to Yellow Wind Ridge or whatever, so I know I am still quite early on. Mad tiger for insane damage when I get frustrated with a boss In my opinion Top Takes Bottom,Bottom Takes Top is the superior version of Wandering Wight Can't go wrong with big bonking baby with any build, but here are other ones that fits specific builds better. I am having too much fun with Non-able. Frog when fully upgraded is imo thr best when i comes to dmg As it should be being the only mythical spirit Baby is great and nothing wrong to stuck with it.  At end game you can do thousands of DMG with the hit. But many other spirit is useful for lots of other builds.  For example poison build you can use the one that spit poison on the ground.  For qi and cc build you can use the bat or the one that spins the fan which both freeze very good.  They are good because you can then mobile spin and restore massive amount of qi.  For spell binder build you should use the daoist for mana and buff then swap to non able.  I also have a ng+ build with Max movement speed.  For that you use the bug that add movement speed. Etc Wait there’s one that will restore Qi? Edit - nvm got briefly confused with Mana It is, trust. It is one of the best. I beat erlang with him, ur good. I finally moved on from Wandering Wight after using that spirit since I got it in the beginning. I now try out Earth Wolf. Its passive skill (grants small amount of focus with each hit) and the big damage + staggers when activating it makes that spirit so good for me. I used Wandering Wight for 2 playthroughs.  It takes off like 35% of health on bosses and adds 30 defense when maxed out... Guy above is clueless
The most obvious one. But the defense stat becomes less relevant than damage reduction later on, also flat defense increases loses its % value. There are many spirits with decent stats and active abilities. Especially once you get a Gold Embroidered set and can restore Qi fast. The best example to Wight alternative I could provide is the Earth Wolf. Its active ability also does high damage, but it also travels ahead, so can work as a gapcloser. And a passive to increase focus gain is one of the best lategame. My favorite is Non-able. You use it in-between light combo attacks, and it works differently based on when you use it within the light combo. Also works as a gap closer. And the passive stats are insane. And it recharges very fast, Frog is one of the best for NG+ (since you need ch6 to fully upgrade it). Gore-eyed daoist is versatile, since it can be used for extra mana just to press Spell Binder and then equip another spirit. But its active is also good, since it provides you with a "totem" which buffs atk in range. Apramana bat is very good for freeze and disengage at the same time. Tiger acolyte is good for stats and swift active attack +gapcloser. Those are just some of which I used. If you want to fully experience and explore the game, about half of spirits are good for certain cases (I don't deny that some of the spirits feel like fillers). But Wight is truly the simplest one for a player who just wants to complete the story and not to overthink anything. My biggest issue is missing 1/2 of all my headbutts with Wandering Wight. I use earth wolf cause no more such skill issue lmao. Granted I think earth wolf also does slightly less dmg but it makes up for the better passive (more focus on light attacks). I agree. The damage diff is minimal late game, and the passive is better once you have high base armor im playing exclusively through RemotePlay, so I may just stick with Wight for now until I feel like its being overpowered. Just got to Pluck of Many area, and heading to Yellow Wind Ridge or whatever, so I know I am still quite early on. Mad tiger for insane damage when I get frustrated with a boss
My biggest issue is missing 1/2 of all my headbutts with Wandering Wight. I use earth wolf cause no more such skill issue lmao. Granted I think earth wolf also does slightly less dmg but it makes up for the better passive (more focus on light attacks). I agree. The damage diff is minimal late game, and the passive is better once you have high base armor
I agree. The damage diff is minimal late game, and the passive is better once you have high base armor
im playing exclusively through RemotePlay, so I may just stick with Wight for now until I feel like its being overpowered. Just got to Pluck of Many area, and heading to Yellow Wind Ridge or whatever, so I know I am still quite early on.
Mad tiger for insane damage when I get frustrated with a boss
In my opinion Top Takes Bottom,Bottom Takes Top is the superior version of Wandering Wight
Can't go wrong with big bonking baby with any build, but here are other ones that fits specific builds better. I am having too much fun with Non-able.
Frog when fully upgraded is imo thr best when i comes to dmg As it should be being the only mythical spirit
As it should be being the only mythical spirit
Baby is great and nothing wrong to stuck with it.  At end game you can do thousands of DMG with the hit. But many other spirit is useful for lots of other builds.  For example poison build you can use the one that spit poison on the ground.  For qi and cc build you can use the bat or the one that spins the fan which both freeze very good.  They are good because you can then mobile spin and restore massive amount of qi.  For spell binder build you should use the daoist for mana and buff then swap to non able.  I also have a ng+ build with Max movement speed.  For that you use the bug that add movement speed. Etc Wait there’s one that will restore Qi? Edit - nvm got briefly confused with Mana
Wait there’s one that will restore Qi? Edit - nvm got briefly confused with Mana
It is, trust.
It is one of the best. I beat erlang with him, ur good.
I finally moved on from Wandering Wight after using that spirit since I got it in the beginning. I now try out Earth Wolf. Its passive skill (grants small amount of focus with each hit) and the big damage + staggers when activating it makes that spirit so good for me.
I used Wandering Wight for 2 playthroughs.  It takes off like 35% of health on bosses and adds 30 defense when maxed out... Guy above is clueless
Not to mention his theme is fucking fire, I always got hype whenever I use Guangzhi Yup, such a banger. I loved the old version the best. Normal version Old (and best) version Lowkey couldn't just have said what the old version is? Whatdya mean? Like their vid title is confusing? I'm sorry I got confused I thought you meant his name I overlooked the word theme completely lol
Yup, such a banger. I loved the old version the best. Normal version Old (and best) version Lowkey couldn't just have said what the old version is? Whatdya mean? Like their vid title is confusing? I'm sorry I got confused I thought you meant his name I overlooked the word theme completely lol
Lowkey couldn't just have said what the old version is? Whatdya mean? Like their vid title is confusing? I'm sorry I got confused I thought you meant his name I overlooked the word theme completely lol
Whatdya mean? Like their vid title is confusing? I'm sorry I got confused I thought you meant his name I overlooked the word theme completely lol
I'm sorry I got confused I thought you meant his name I overlooked the word theme completely lol
Black myth: Guang Zhi
Is funny how many times I yelled "Fire wolf tank the damage!" and transformed just to be hit by a combo I didn't knew how to properly dodge. That strategy got me through many boss fights xD he has better dodge and no cut scene moves
he has better dodge and no cut scene moves
The only fight I didn't use him for was Erlang. He is like a literal sidekick for me I found that if you hit Erlang's wolf form he goes back to normal and doesn't dispel your transformation. I managed to stay transformed for the full duration which saved me a lot of HP. Erlang has wolf form? A white tiger form actually
I found that if you hit Erlang's wolf form he goes back to normal and doesn't dispel your transformation. I managed to stay transformed for the full duration which saved me a lot of HP. Erlang has wolf form? A white tiger form actually
Erlang has wolf form? A white tiger form actually
A white tiger form actually
I loved the fire wolf transformation, but he kinda fell off for me once I got the yin tiger. Fast forward to endgame, I am in love with stone monkey transformation due to its versatility and fun usage. I do plan on practicing yellow loong one, but it just seems a bit hard for me with all the "see-through" tactics.
I love this guy and he got me through a lot early game but Yellow Loong transformation is the mf GOAT for me, it’s saved my ass too many times to count already 😂 Also the “my main goal is to blow up” transformation is unparalleled if I find myself short on will, that farming spot in chapter 4 is ole reliable for all my spending needs lmao What’s the farming spot in chapter 4? The kamikaze rat is one of my favorites for that reason lol. I especially love self-destructing when I’m surrounded or if I need to take out a whole group of annoying cocoon claws. His full-focus flame thrower is also good.
What’s the farming spot in chapter 4?
The kamikaze rat is one of my favorites for that reason lol. I especially love self-destructing when I’m surrounded or if I need to take out a whole group of annoying cocoon claws. His full-focus flame thrower is also good.
I always pick him because of the epic music that plays when I transform into him…
By Chapter 4 I can't help but wonder why we get this boy sooo early. He is definitely the reason I've survived/beaten some bosses.
This transformation and Wondering Wight carried me through the whole game. The goats in imo.
Horse Face Killah is my favorite.
pole vault move is so awesome.. normally always proc scortch
He's literally the charmander/charzard that never leaves my team.
Felt bad killing him, He was a repentant guy who just wanted to meditate and help the other wolves out :(
Hes the one that helped me beat every boss except Erlang and final boss, will never forget him but for my ng+ run I switched so it doesnt feel repetitive.
This boy is the reason I killed the tiger vanguard on my 5th try. He was down to a couple hits, I was down to literally 2 health. He did his dashing slash attack right as I transformed and killed him with one strong attack. I've loved him ever since lol
We have 10 other spells yet we always stick with him. Why Lol Horse, macaque, etc they all seem slow and take so long to get their powers going. I just feel like Wolf is old reliable.
I get stun more time than I can swing
Guangzhi, save me!
I prefer the tiger
Good 'ol reliable. Focus front flip smash was the best, the other two focus moves I barely used.
the bestest boy
I know I got a ton more transformations but they introduced me to this badass first and now I don’t care for any other transformations
I just realized that the unique heavy of this transformation changes based on which way you dodge
Where is the fan art of this good boy.
100% lol
The burn from this guys transformation plus the snake guys posion destroys the majority of the game. The only exception being enemies who are immune to status like the rock vanguard
I wish they had made the latter spirits and transformations more powerful. I pretty much stuck with wandering wight and him
used him WAY too little. and not i have rock guy
used him WAY too little. and now i have rock guy
版主已移除评论 Hello u/XenotechGames , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/XenotechGames , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
This transformation literally came in clutch for me when I fought yellow loong! Such a profound moment in my experience in gaming.
Never switched him out once until I decided to give Yellow Loong transformation a try. A worthy successor. Same here. Used him in that fight but swapped out with Loong after I beat hkm
Same here. Used him in that fight but swapped out with Loong after I beat hkm
crucial for beating Tiger Vanguard this morning.
My entire first playthrough all the way down to Erlang
wait until you get the golden long and for the boy elroy old dumbass rock head lol :)
Zhu Baje had me  ready to delete  the  game.  I hate  hate this fight.
Wind sage is hella easy, without his wind wall that engulfs 3 quarters of the map and his heat seeking tornado
Ashen Slumber all the way. Lost the count of bosses I burned to death with him lol. He has fast attacks too.
Yin Tiger for me lol
Ngl, I preferred the Umbral Abyss until I got the Yellow Loong and now it's the Azure Dome 😅😅
Bit annoyed he's the only cool shapeshift for at least half the game.
I just purchased it. Surely , it going to win game if the year even though GTA is around the Corner. Took me 3 days defeat the whiteclad noble… https://youtu.be/fG_BnfH9Tkk?si=6t40vIiSkFF-W5jS
Yaaas, lol Red Tides transformation is the best one! Debate me!😂🤓
Am I the only one who never used this guy? Well, to be fair, I missed him, and my first transformation was the one you get at yellowbrow. But even after that, I used Yin Tiger. Is that one really that good ? The vault attack is really good. I only found out about it too late, though.
The vault attack is really good. I only found out about it too late, though.
My first go round he was go to and still one of my g.o.a.t.
Is it worth switching him out for another transformation? I'm in chapter 3. If you can get big rock dude and build up his focus, his heavy stomp attack devastates enemies, but honestly red tide is one of the best for most of the game IMO. If you dodge attacks and land combos he can crush most bosses.
If you can get big rock dude and build up his focus, his heavy stomp attack devastates enemies, but honestly red tide is one of the best for most of the game IMO. If you dodge attacks and land combos he can crush most bosses.
My hardest fights Blood tiger , Yin Tiger & Yellow Loong. Yellow Loong isn’t as intense as Yin tiger but still humbling.
Shaved?
fr fr
Since he usually gets the last hits, I think this name should be Black Myth: Guangzhi
Thanks to our boi Guangzhi, I only had to take 3 tries to take down Whiteclad Noble
Guanzi and wandering wight are the best
This boy carried me through the Chen Loong battle I transformed 4 times before I finally beat him
Killed angry tiger with this dude, red pulsing health and no gourd left lol m
This guy just let me beat Yellow Loong!
Is he better than Yellow Loong transformation?
All I can say rn is fuuuuck The Hundred Eyed Master. Been fighting this guy for an hour.😂
bro i barely used this dude i didn't really think he was that great
