i’m 29. i’ve considered myself a gamer pretty much my whole life, and never expected to stop. before Black Myth i’ve slowly realized i stopped having as much of a desire to game.. and i couldn’t figure out if i was simply growing out of it, which made me a bit sad. over the past 5 or so years almost every game i’ve played (excluding elden ring, what a ride) seemed like it was a waste of money. i wasn’t drawn to them, immersed, or invested. ================================================================================  评论列表:
I’m currently reading journey to the west because of this game, fun fact wukong was written to die at the age of 342 in the book of life and death, this is also the max level you can be in the game, even after only 4 chapters there are so many references in the game about small things in the book its amazing. track me i’ve considered doing the same and i’m happy to hear it’s as compelling as i hoped lol As an Asian Chinese I can tell you the story of the journey to the west is top notch. It has been made into a lot of movie / show series adaptation and they all interesting in their own way, as i'm still in my chapter 2 I can already see alot of minor references to the original story which is quite mesmerizing. Wait what? What a cool detail :O And there are 81 achivements to 100% platinum it, which is number of trials in their journey
i’ve considered doing the same and i’m happy to hear it’s as compelling as i hoped lol
As an Asian Chinese I can tell you the story of the journey to the west is top notch. It has been made into a lot of movie / show series adaptation and they all interesting in their own way, as i'm still in my chapter 2 I can already see alot of minor references to the original story which is quite mesmerizing.
Wait what? What a cool detail :O
And there are 81 achivements to 100% platinum it, which is number of trials in their journey
This is the first game in 7 years that I committed to 100% the game. Same here as well! I haven’t played single player games in so long, this is one I’ve not only truly enjoyed but also found myself watching others play and experience the awesome storytelling and gameplay for the first time that’s awesome, and understandable Yes me too, I played Elden Ring, invested like 40-50 hours, but after one ending (Ranni's ending lulz), I just opened youtube for another ending, since it's quite tiresome. Now I'm in my NG+++ to open all Relics slot lol Not the first one in 7 years, but one of four ever. Wukong, Sekiro, Life of P, Hotline Miami (long ago) GOTY for me. Apart from Sifu, this is another game that I'm committed to 100%. I have 1 more achievement to go! The game is great but I have to say the grind for platinum was a pain…so many rng items
Same here as well! I haven’t played single player games in so long, this is one I’ve not only truly enjoyed but also found myself watching others play and experience the awesome storytelling and gameplay for the first time
that’s awesome, and understandable
Yes me too, I played Elden Ring, invested like 40-50 hours, but after one ending (Ranni's ending lulz), I just opened youtube for another ending, since it's quite tiresome. Now I'm in my NG+++ to open all Relics slot lol
Not the first one in 7 years, but one of four ever. Wukong, Sekiro, Life of P, Hotline Miami (long ago) GOTY for me.
Apart from Sifu, this is another game that I'm committed to 100%. I have 1 more achievement to go!
The game is great but I have to say the grind for platinum was a pain…so many rng items
50 year old here. Just finished it on PS5. You may not have the time to game like you used to but damn there are some games that are really enjoyable. Adult life got a lot of stress and never enough time  but nothing beats turning your brain off from everything else sometimes. couldn’t agree more. firmly believe it’s what keeps us going I don't know how you relax playing this game? I'm so frustrated as I find it's difficult as hell, and I have a hard time enjoying it. If you feel it is so hard sometimes, just try to change a new playstyle or tactics, watch videos for help or just simply go farming to enhance the ability. Obstacles are expected and keep that in mind you'll get through it someday. And this game is short but packed with enjoyable moments that you can complete it satisfied without hundred hours grind
couldn’t agree more. firmly believe it’s what keeps us going
I don't know how you relax playing this game? I'm so frustrated as I find it's difficult as hell, and I have a hard time enjoying it. If you feel it is so hard sometimes, just try to change a new playstyle or tactics, watch videos for help or just simply go farming to enhance the ability. Obstacles are expected and keep that in mind you'll get through it someday.
If you feel it is so hard sometimes, just try to change a new playstyle or tactics, watch videos for help or just simply go farming to enhance the ability. Obstacles are expected and keep that in mind you'll get through it someday.
And this game is short but packed with enjoyable moments that you can complete it satisfied without hundred hours grind
Wu Kong transcended gamers across countries, ages and genres. 🙌🙌
🙌🙌
I freaking love this game ngl loved that animation mannnn i need an actual wukong anime expeditiously There are three popular animation adapted from JTTW in China Havoc in heaven, 1965 The monkey king conquers the demon, 1985 Monkey king: hero is back, 2012 I personally prefer the first two. Although they are made in early ages with limited technology, they are more cinematic with traditional Chinese artistic style and music. Each covers some chapters of the original novel. The last one is like a fan work about Wukong that imitates Disney Pixar's style, although it achieved breaking success on box office income in China. All can be found on Youtube.
loved that animation mannnn i need an actual wukong anime expeditiously There are three popular animation adapted from JTTW in China Havoc in heaven, 1965 The monkey king conquers the demon, 1985 Monkey king: hero is back, 2012 I personally prefer the first two. Although they are made in early ages with limited technology, they are more cinematic with traditional Chinese artistic style and music. Each covers some chapters of the original novel. The last one is like a fan work about Wukong that imitates Disney Pixar's style, although it achieved breaking success on box office income in China. All can be found on Youtube.
There are three popular animation adapted from JTTW in China Havoc in heaven, 1965 The monkey king conquers the demon, 1985 Monkey king: hero is back, 2012 I personally prefer the first two. Although they are made in early ages with limited technology, they are more cinematic with traditional Chinese artistic style and music. Each covers some chapters of the original novel. The last one is like a fan work about Wukong that imitates Disney Pixar's style, although it achieved breaking success on box office income in China. All can be found on Youtube.
Problem is actually this is not a game, sadly everything are listing under games category. This is complete art. So don't expect see many 'game' near it. it’s in its own category for sure
it’s in its own category for sure
Whatever the score is. When you already have the kasaya within you, you no longer need the kasaya outside to prove yourself.  - Game Science.
The Four Heavenly Kings bossfight was... Violent. if there was any part of the game i want to experience for the first time all over again… it’s the heavenly kings boss fight that shit was PEAK This right here makes me question what and how many games yall play. that was violent?
if there was any part of the game i want to experience for the first time all over again… it’s the heavenly kings boss fight that shit was PEAK
This right here makes me question what and how many games yall play. that was violent?
用户已删除评论 say it louder 🗣️ You didn’t grow out of gaming. You got tired of the games they keep shoving down our mouths.
say it louder 🗣️ You didn’t grow out of gaming. You got tired of the games they keep shoving down our mouths.
You didn’t grow out of gaming. You got tired of the games they keep shoving down our mouths.
Thats true for me its the first soulslike rpg game and im In ng++ right now just starting ng+ tonight, extremely excited to mow thru fools. thinking about turning off the HUD to make it an anime playthrough lol NG+ very easy NG++ is little difficult but its fun!
just starting ng+ tonight, extremely excited to mow thru fools. thinking about turning off the HUD to make it an anime playthrough lol NG+ very easy NG++ is little difficult but its fun!
NG+ very easy NG++ is little difficult but its fun!
Glad I’m playing it Will never play something like this ever again, games are supposed to be enjoyable. lol
I know exactly how you feel. I know they're very different games but I had a much better time with BMW than I did with Elden Ring. ER was often a chore and the absence of a coherent narrative made the whole experience very gamist. This was the first game to really immerse me in a long long time. well spoken. plus the combat is way more fluid and engaging. quality of life is important as well, BMW respects your time
well spoken. plus the combat is way more fluid and engaging. quality of life is important as well, BMW respects your time
After fighting the last boss I went to see what percentage of Black Myth owners had that achievement as well.   I was pleasantly surprised that it was quite high. That says plenty. yeah man opposed to elden ring where only a humble percentage only beat the first boss when it came out 😂
yeah man opposed to elden ring where only a humble percentage only beat the first boss when it came out 😂
I'm about to be 29 and that game made me feel 10 again when the games were hard but rewarding, no DLC, no micro transactions, no bullshit. Die, try again, die, try harder. The level design beyond beautiful, the soundtrack slaps hard, the bosses are cool and entertaining, absolutely a game with 100% new game + replay value. Kudos to Game Science, definitely did justice to China. hell yeah, this is how it’s supposed to be
hell yeah, this is how it’s supposed to be
I don't think there will ever be another game like this.  The lore is special, the devs put all their heart and soul into it.  It's simply a masterpiece like the Mona Lisa, I think 20 years down the road people will still remember this game. not even exaggerating. insane take
not even exaggerating.
insane take
Me too. Black Myth Wukong and Elden Ring are just the BEST two games over the past few years! no exaggeration on my behalf. remnant is worth an honorable mention though
no exaggeration on my behalf. remnant is worth an honorable mention though
Great post man. My girl and I have been together a long ass time, 14 years. We bonded over gaming together when we first started dating. It made me sad to see her basically stop gaming completely about 8 or so years ago. I just figured she had moved on from it and lost interest. This game got her gaming hard again though! It’s been a challenge for her cause she’s not used to games like this at all, but man I’m loving watching her overcome the roadblocks. She’s even talking now about what game she wants to play next. I love it. I feel like I got a part of her back that I thought was gone. this is wholesome as hell, and made my day. real happy for you guys lol my girl likes gaming but i can’t imagine watching her play this 🤣 it’s worlds away from animal crossing lmao
this is wholesome as hell, and made my day. real happy for you guys lol my girl likes gaming but i can’t imagine watching her play this 🤣 it’s worlds away from animal crossing lmao
I MUST BEAT ERLANG!!!! i believe in you!!!
i believe in you!!!
This game is perfect for getting back to traditional "gaming". No elaborate RPG mechanics that you have to research and compare. Very little story telling, just let's you ball Boss fight after boss fight, each unique and the correct amount of challenging. Doesn't get frustrating, gets you pumped, and leaves you satisfied Beautiful graphics and gameplay. You are bound to have a good time anytime you play this.
Really is one of the best games I played recently. Has great graphics, large levels, details, and most importantly enemy variation. Appreciate the devs took the time and effort to create different enemies in all of the chapters. Makes one appreciate the work they do. 100% they deserved every penny
100% they deserved every penny
Image 6 is the highlight of the game for me. That moment WK truly appears, he's in his iconic pose, the music kicks in and the setting sun shines upon his final fight before being reborn. Chef's kiss.
One thing I love about this game is the challenge of bosses. I'm in my 40s and also got tired of gaming. Everything seemed boring. This game gives me heart pounding experience every time which makes me enjoy it. Game play visuals, mechanics and exploration is rather fun. There needs to be more games like this released. It's intuitive and designed perfectly. Was worth the wait.
9.5/10 Game of the year for me, beautiful.
The only game other than Elden Ring that I’ve managed to complete more than once, it’s the perfect sized game, looks amazing, good story and gameplay
I can agree. The only games in the last 5 years that made me feel this way so far are Elden Ring, God of War Ragnorak, and BM Wukong. They were games that were properly made, and not dependent on DLC, and micro transactions. The story was and lore in each game was rich, with a balance of cut scenes to fighting. If we go back 1 one more year I’d add Red Dead Redemption 2
If we go back 1 one more year I’d add Red Dead Redemption 2
If you haven’t tried Sekiro yet that’s my favorite from software game and is basically Japanese Wukong but with parrying instead of dodging. I also prefer it to wukong but I am an unabashed dark souls dick rider i havent tried it, my housemate played it and couldnt make it past the first boss lmao. im not a heavy souls-like gamer, elden ring was the shit but i heard its the easiest one. i like a challenge, but i dont wanna rip my hair out lmao. thanks for the suggestion ill try it on my friends game before i invest in it I finished wukong too and I couldn't get past 2 hours of Sekiro gameplay. I'm pretty casual so I think Game Science got it right with the difficulty balance in BMW I wouldn’t recommend going into Sekiro and expecting it to be a souls like. The main combat system is very different compared to Fromsoft’s other works focusing more on parries rather dodging. Depending on the person, they might find Sekiro to be harder or easier than the actual souls games. It could go either way. I too am a soulsborne dick rider, friend. I would also compare this to Sekiro. In my head it's like Sekiro, BMW and GOW have the same granddaddy. But this scene OP referenced, man it really was such a love letter to just the international language of loving videogames and it oozed with coolness and respect for the player. So well balanced, so cinematic, I especially enjoyed loosing health and being traumatized at the thought of loosing and maybe having the fight Erlang all over again cause you just don't know what will happen if you lost.
i havent tried it, my housemate played it and couldnt make it past the first boss lmao. im not a heavy souls-like gamer, elden ring was the shit but i heard its the easiest one. i like a challenge, but i dont wanna rip my hair out lmao. thanks for the suggestion ill try it on my friends game before i invest in it I finished wukong too and I couldn't get past 2 hours of Sekiro gameplay. I'm pretty casual so I think Game Science got it right with the difficulty balance in BMW I wouldn’t recommend going into Sekiro and expecting it to be a souls like. The main combat system is very different compared to Fromsoft’s other works focusing more on parries rather dodging. Depending on the person, they might find Sekiro to be harder or easier than the actual souls games. It could go either way.
I finished wukong too and I couldn't get past 2 hours of Sekiro gameplay. I'm pretty casual so I think Game Science got it right with the difficulty balance in BMW
I wouldn’t recommend going into Sekiro and expecting it to be a souls like. The main combat system is very different compared to Fromsoft’s other works focusing more on parries rather dodging. Depending on the person, they might find Sekiro to be harder or easier than the actual souls games. It could go either way.
I too am a soulsborne dick rider, friend. I would also compare this to Sekiro. In my head it's like Sekiro, BMW and GOW have the same granddaddy. But this scene OP referenced, man it really was such a love letter to just the international language of loving videogames and it oozed with coolness and respect for the player. So well balanced, so cinematic, I especially enjoyed loosing health and being traumatized at the thought of loosing and maybe having the fight Erlang all over again cause you just don't know what will happen if you lost.
I’m up to this last boss now. Had to take a breather as I don’t want to finish it yet
Complete package of game, visual, audio and even philosophy. Its not even a video game anymore. Its art.
10/10 game brilliant mechanics
29 year old here too! What I've found is that I still love gaming, but I'm just more picky with games now. Glad you're enjoying wukong, it's a blast!
That's why we should always demand more from games and the developers. Playing the title's that are making us feel real emotions and not buying generic shit games that make's ppl burn out of gaming.
This Elden Ring, God of War, Returnal and Stellar Blade had my full attention. I Platinum the 4 above and working on the plat for Wukong. My top 5 of the generation so far.
I had a long period as well where I didn't play games. God of War got me back, then Sekiro and Elden Ring kept me playing. Wukong gives me that same feeling again. I enjoy every moment in this game. Such a masterpiece.
Reading your post I found myself represented in hoy you feel towards Black Myth Wukong.  Last game I was playing was Assassyn's Creed Odyssey and while the game looks really good... the gameplay and some if not most of the dialogues and the story seem contrived and just stupid, it's like some characters are uni-dimensional and dumb, specially Alexios, the male protagonist.  Every game looks the same today, every game has black generic characters even if they never belonged to a certain area of the world, voices are all the same and well... gaming has become boring, every game looks and feels the same, hooray for inclusion :/. Wukong is not only a breath of fresh air but a piece of art, I feel that while playing it I'm taking part in something massive, while learning a bit about Chinese culture and mythology (I just bought Journey to the West, quite excited to read it being honest), the story is so immersive that I just want to get back home and play the game.
Same here. It’s been awhile since i enjoyed the game so much
Guys, i've got a question: i'm playing poison build. After i've upgraded my armor to mythical, self-poison icon stopped showing below character's hud and poison aura around monkey stopped to appear (Deathstinger soak is still in the place). Is this normal or what?
Did you try Bulder's Gate 3? Same feeling.
Pure cinema
Was damb good, but holy hell, I lost my shit at erlangs fight
Also had my sleep schedule destroyed, but i wasnt sleepy even with 2h naps, i would go ham at the evening.
pure cinema
Love this game
Rich what was your favorite chapter & your favorite boss throughout the whole game ? My favorite chapter was 4 with erlang the sacred divinity & yaksha king as being the best bosses, I can’t decide which ones better. fantastic question, i have to say 4 or 5 as well.. 4 for the story and enemy design (all the bugs were so creepy i loved it) but 5 was so visually pleasing w the black mountains and the lava. but you hit the nail on the head with your top boss picks, yaksha king was the coolest boss for me while the fight after erlang was peak excitement. honorable mention to great sage just because he’s so freakin cool and reacts to your moves so organically it’s like his soul is actually in the game
fantastic question, i have to say 4 or 5 as well.. 4 for the story and enemy design (all the bugs were so creepy i loved it) but 5 was so visually pleasing w the black mountains and the lava. but you hit the nail on the head with your top boss picks, yaksha king was the coolest boss for me while the fight after erlang was peak excitement. honorable mention to great sage just because he’s so freakin cool and reacts to your moves so organically it’s like his soul is actually in the game
I’m at the end of chapter 2 and loving it! 3 or 4 bosses have really pushed me to my limits (Tiger guy especially). It’s got me thinking I should give Elden Ring another try once I finish this
You = me Ik man, after so long i pulled all nighters for a game. This game has everything, good gameplay mechanics, cinematic, boss, story and what not. I love everything about it. Every other company is just making open world game for no reason
I agree, I stopped gaming right after GOW ragnarok and been waiting for this game. I literally enjoyed every cinematic details of it. It is truly a masterpiece.
Nice, dude. It warms my heart to see other gamers pleased as I am with this masterpiece. The fact most of us together have waited for four long years for it's release is awesome.
this is literally one of the few games on the same level as RDR2 where I am savoring every second of the gameplay because I know I'll never get to play it for the first time again. Taking my time finishing it
First game that I ever committed to finishing
Yeah, most of the Games released suck  but wukong is king
Oh yeah it is.
Monkey noises intensify
As a Chinese this is the best thing ever in gaming for me
Aye man get outta my head😂. But nah I've felt the exact same way. Right down to the same age lmao
It felt good to fight like a final boss. After having my monkey butt one/two shotted the entire game.
版主已移除评论
Same to me broo I love the game and I have been waiting for a Wukong game since I was little like 5 years old. Man Journey to the West is the only series I have watched like twice each year since there weren’t many movie in the 80s in my country. glad you got to live your childhood dream bro! your heart must’ve felt so full for real
glad you got to live your childhood dream bro! your heart must’ve felt so full for real
The scene with wukong's shell is perfection
I just spent 6 hours fighting Erlang and when I finally beat him my hands were shaking. The fight after that against the heavenly kings almost felt like a reward. Such a great game!!
I’m loving the game no doubt, but there are some glaring bugs and polish items that take me out of the experience. I think we can love something and still be critical of it. you’re entirely right, there are wonky hitboxes for larger bosses here n there. some invisible walls are random as hell. haven’t really found any bugs to speak of though, just my experience
you’re entirely right, there are wonky hitboxes for larger bosses here n there. some invisible walls are random as hell. haven’t really found any bugs to speak of though, just my experience
I should give this game another go. It got boring real quick. Dodge 20 times before hitting once. Rinse and repeat. Woulda liked it if i could do some of the moves the bosses done. You know, cool moves... The whole point of the game is rhat you get cool spirit transformations from all bosses (like 50) that you can use, and the moveset keeps also getting more interesting as you unloks the skill tree (which grows from the beginning). The start is a bit samey combat-wise, but it does open up. Also, in no point of the game I had a situation I had to dodge 20 times to hit once, maybe 50/50. Almost always you can hit at least once after dodging, except for some late game boss combos, but then you also have cloud step skill, which changes that a bit. its only get boring because you only know or choose to repeat the same moves, same stance...again and again for entire game. Go watch videos of how people pull off crazy cool and cinema looking combos... you can get more variety by using different stances and learning how to effectively see through strike with the 2 stances that support it. mixed with various spells, transformations, spirits, builds… idk if i can agree with you on this one. i made a new build each chapter, constantly finding new ways to approach combat. this game is what you make it
The whole point of the game is rhat you get cool spirit transformations from all bosses (like 50) that you can use, and the moveset keeps also getting more interesting as you unloks the skill tree (which grows from the beginning). The start is a bit samey combat-wise, but it does open up. Also, in no point of the game I had a situation I had to dodge 20 times to hit once, maybe 50/50. Almost always you can hit at least once after dodging, except for some late game boss combos, but then you also have cloud step skill, which changes that a bit.
its only get boring because you only know or choose to repeat the same moves, same stance...again and again for entire game. Go watch videos of how people pull off crazy cool and cinema looking combos...
you can get more variety by using different stances and learning how to effectively see through strike with the 2 stances that support it. mixed with various spells, transformations, spirits, builds… idk if i can agree with you on this one. i made a new build each chapter, constantly finding new ways to approach combat. this game is what you make it
版主已移除评论 Hello u/bazingwanggg , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/bazingwanggg , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Might seem like begging ,but add me steam so my broke ass can play too
Might seem like begging,but add me on steam so my broke ass can play too 🫥
版主已移除评论 Hello u/jennferdale , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/jennferdale , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/jennferdale , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/jennferdale , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Bro I'm almost 29 in November and my live for gaming never slowed down , so yeah you must have grown bored off the kind off games you were playing or didn't spice it up and tried new generas only genre i haven’t gotten into really is turn based, i’ll give BG3 a try sometime
only genre i haven’t gotten into really is turn based, i’ll give BG3 a try sometime
Loved it so much I bought the game twice. Played for about 10 hours on PS5 and then handed it to my brother so I switched to PC and bought it on steam, finished it on my PC.
I’ve completed it but I really hate when people spoil games for others, and think they’re the only person in the world
Yeah, it is a great game, hope we get more from this game soon
Feels good to play a game that actually feels like a game.
If only it didn't have such stuttering issues
I wouldn't say masterpiece but it's a solid 8 or 9 outta 10.
Black Myth Wutang or Astro Bot new game ? Which should I buy ? Techtember is killin my pockets lol haven’t played astro bot but honestly, both probably. play wukong until a boss frustrates you, then switch to astro bot for some painless fun lol. back to wukong when you’re refreshed
haven’t played astro bot but honestly, both probably. play wukong until a boss frustrates you, then switch to astro bot for some painless fun lol. back to wukong when you’re refreshed
I'm on my NG++ now.  I'm planning to get my wukong stance. First run was normal trying everything. 2nd run was Pilgrim and golden armour with many spells. 3rd run i am going to Unga Bunga with spellbinder and bull king armour.
op never played GoW 😂 lmao been xbox exclusive my whole life until i got this pc, so yea that’s fair
lmao been xbox exclusive my whole life until i got this pc, so yea that’s fair
Chinese gamers call this symptom digital ED. When you have seen too much😬😬😬😬😬
After just under 50hrs of gameplay, and beating all other bosses. I'm left with Erlang and Wukong himself (Great Sage's broken Shell). And... I'm tired. My watch is done. I don't have it in me to deal with these last two asshole. I've watched the ending on YouTube, I'm moving on.
It’s a solid 8 for me but I loved it
So, should I just buy the digital version or continue to wait for a physical one?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: z4nid 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-15T04:45:41.532000+0000 内容: Hmmm... Was a 9 for me. It was a very solid 10 until the final boss. That boss just overstayed his welcome specially towards the end when you have to kill two versions of himself. I'd consider Erlang the actual final boss since the entire game was building up to this fight and problems aside he was original having his own set of rules. The actual final boss wasn't as well designed compared to him imo
An overrated game. Good, but average. Anyway, happy that you enjoy it
8.3 / 10 I find hilarious that you are getting down voted for stating that a game is a very good 8.3/10. Does this community really think this game is the second coming of Jesus Christ of video games or something? It is a fun game, but in no way or form is it ground braking or does what it does perfectly. you seem critical, so i can dig it lol
I find hilarious that you are getting down voted for stating that a game is a very good 8.3/10. Does this community really think this game is the second coming of Jesus Christ of video games or something? It is a fun game, but in no way or form is it ground braking or does what it does perfectly.
you seem critical, so i can dig it lol
