Repost (I accidentally deleted this post instead of fixing it because I forgot to capitalize Egypt) Translate by me, the artist is “Gia đình Ngộ” ================================================================================  评论列表:
egypt GOW would be sick af tho track me 用户已删除评论 That was one of the rumored cut idea for GOW3. I think Thoth makes an appearance in one of the GoW comics, back when he was screaming all the time
用户已删除评论 That was one of the rumored cut idea for GOW3.
That was one of the rumored cut idea for GOW3.
I think Thoth makes an appearance in one of the GoW comics, back when he was screaming all the time
And this post descends into Goku vs Superman… honestly, if they make a GOW in Ancient China. It would be awesome, historically there were many deities of wars in China. It would be interesting to see if Santa Monica is going to do their research properly. And add a twist to the mythology. (I'm sure the Norwegian fans would have a lot to say about the Norse saga, I wonder how they felt about Loki being the son of Kratos, or loki's children are already in the game while he is still just a child.) It would be interesting but hard to twist without coming off cheesy. The mythology just seems too far apart stylistically. What MIGHT be cool if there were some "relics" that give a nod to Chinese mythology. But who knows, maybe I'm totally wrong and we'll see a crazy buddy cop game with Kratos and Wukong like Rush Hour They've had teases for Egypt & east asia before but it's just artists/the devs thinking of what would be cool, it's not like a plot thing Didn't they even have a little teaser for Celtic? Maybe. The writer of the first game intially planned for GOW3 to be Kratos having to take down a bunch of other pantheons to get enough strength to kill Zeus but he didn't write beyond that. No one wanted to waste it like that.  Tbh it'd be like if they decided to have Kratos go to China and kill Wukong in a quick fight and nothing about the  beliefs etc I really hope he goes to Egypt next but I’m saying that as a huge Age of Mythology fan, Greek, Norse and Egyptian mythology have always gone hand in hand in my eyes It's been a common theme lately (perhaps started by GOW, perhaps not) to depict the norse gods in a negative light. God of War (obviously), Marvel (Odin was a war monger), Twilight of the Gods (Thor started a war between the jotun, vanir, and aesir) While I do find it an interesting take, I too wonder how nordic countries feel about it all. I mean it's an obvious counter lunch to the far rights idolizing Norse mythology. Kinda funny really, all pantheons can be simplified to black and white. Nuance is not popular in mainstream creative directives right now.
It would be interesting but hard to twist without coming off cheesy. The mythology just seems too far apart stylistically. What MIGHT be cool if there were some "relics" that give a nod to Chinese mythology. But who knows, maybe I'm totally wrong and we'll see a crazy buddy cop game with Kratos and Wukong like Rush Hour They've had teases for Egypt & east asia before but it's just artists/the devs thinking of what would be cool, it's not like a plot thing Didn't they even have a little teaser for Celtic? Maybe. The writer of the first game intially planned for GOW3 to be Kratos having to take down a bunch of other pantheons to get enough strength to kill Zeus but he didn't write beyond that. No one wanted to waste it like that.  Tbh it'd be like if they decided to have Kratos go to China and kill Wukong in a quick fight and nothing about the  beliefs etc
They've had teases for Egypt & east asia before but it's just artists/the devs thinking of what would be cool, it's not like a plot thing Didn't they even have a little teaser for Celtic? Maybe. The writer of the first game intially planned for GOW3 to be Kratos having to take down a bunch of other pantheons to get enough strength to kill Zeus but he didn't write beyond that. No one wanted to waste it like that.  Tbh it'd be like if they decided to have Kratos go to China and kill Wukong in a quick fight and nothing about the  beliefs etc
Didn't they even have a little teaser for Celtic? Maybe. The writer of the first game intially planned for GOW3 to be Kratos having to take down a bunch of other pantheons to get enough strength to kill Zeus but he didn't write beyond that. No one wanted to waste it like that.  Tbh it'd be like if they decided to have Kratos go to China and kill Wukong in a quick fight and nothing about the  beliefs etc
Maybe. The writer of the first game intially planned for GOW3 to be Kratos having to take down a bunch of other pantheons to get enough strength to kill Zeus but he didn't write beyond that. No one wanted to waste it like that.  Tbh it'd be like if they decided to have Kratos go to China and kill Wukong in a quick fight and nothing about the  beliefs etc
I really hope he goes to Egypt next but I’m saying that as a huge Age of Mythology fan, Greek, Norse and Egyptian mythology have always gone hand in hand in my eyes
It's been a common theme lately (perhaps started by GOW, perhaps not) to depict the norse gods in a negative light. God of War (obviously), Marvel (Odin was a war monger), Twilight of the Gods (Thor started a war between the jotun, vanir, and aesir) While I do find it an interesting take, I too wonder how nordic countries feel about it all. I mean it's an obvious counter lunch to the far rights idolizing Norse mythology. Kinda funny really, all pantheons can be simplified to black and white. Nuance is not popular in mainstream creative directives right now.
I mean it's an obvious counter lunch to the far rights idolizing Norse mythology. Kinda funny really, all pantheons can be simplified to black and white. Nuance is not popular in mainstream creative directives right now.
Kratos will fit in the team well! Bruv, that's not Kratos, that's Sha Wujing! same ting
Bruv, that's not Kratos, that's Sha Wujing! same ting
same ting
Kratos would not stand a chance xD True. But to a clone he might be.. Nah, a clone of wukong has all of his powers. A grey hair clone might be a match since they are much weaker. Oh sorry I meant the clone in the game (us). I’m not sure how strong he is so Kratos might stand a chance The destined one is actually stronger than sun wukongs pre sealing self by the end of the game, hed beat kratos even before getting the ryui jingu bang. Ya sure? (Just for fun) Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
True. But to a clone he might be.. Nah, a clone of wukong has all of his powers. A grey hair clone might be a match since they are much weaker. Oh sorry I meant the clone in the game (us). I’m not sure how strong he is so Kratos might stand a chance The destined one is actually stronger than sun wukongs pre sealing self by the end of the game, hed beat kratos even before getting the ryui jingu bang. Ya sure? (Just for fun) Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Nah, a clone of wukong has all of his powers. A grey hair clone might be a match since they are much weaker. Oh sorry I meant the clone in the game (us). I’m not sure how strong he is so Kratos might stand a chance The destined one is actually stronger than sun wukongs pre sealing self by the end of the game, hed beat kratos even before getting the ryui jingu bang. Ya sure? (Just for fun) Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Oh sorry I meant the clone in the game (us). I’m not sure how strong he is so Kratos might stand a chance The destined one is actually stronger than sun wukongs pre sealing self by the end of the game, hed beat kratos even before getting the ryui jingu bang. Ya sure? (Just for fun) Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
The destined one is actually stronger than sun wukongs pre sealing self by the end of the game, hed beat kratos even before getting the ryui jingu bang. Ya sure? (Just for fun) Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Ya sure? (Just for fun) Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Same guy will get his ass whooped in a chapter
To be fair, Supreme Inspector fought Wukong before. Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Honestly he was the hardest boss even compared to Erlang Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Build for focus on dodge for super bonk
Who would win, Wukong vs Kratos I absolutely love kratos and the god of war series so i’m heavily biased. Wukong will win As someone who loved both games but doesn't know much about Wukong Lore, why? From a game perspective, it seems like Kratos has more physical strength and the ability to regenerate. Probably a stupid question Not a stupid question at all, but Wukong in Jounrey to the West had to be sealed by Buddha himself, who is one with everything. Basically, Wukong has achieved like 7+ forms of longevity. He has 84,000 hairs on his body that he can pluck off and turn into clones of anything, including Kratos(with the same abilities). His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. I don't know all the specifics of every single feat, but this is a general overview of just some of the stuff he is capable of doing. Please, anyone who knows more correct me if I've made mistakes. I always thought Wukong was a hero. Like one who defied the gods for their unrightous doings. I recently found out that hes just a dick. Like an arrogant dick. Correct, homie literally just wants to live his life at whatever cost lol Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things. He was definitely chaotic neutral AF at the start of the story. Whether or not his revolt against the heavens is justified or not is up to the reader to decide imo, he applied for a place in the heavenly court and was assigned horse stable tender, which is so low it might as well just be a janitor. And he didn't know this until some immortals started making fun of him for it. Which led to him basically trashing the place and declaring war against the heavens. He pretty much just wants power until the Buddha intervened and sealed him under a mountain, until Xuan Zang took him as a disciple on the namesake journey to the West. And even then at the start he was impulsive and still very murderous. It wasn't until maybe 1/3 of the way that he started developing a sense of morality and good. By the end he was actively confronting and fighting demons, saving people, etc. He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic. He also became Buddha in actual mythology and became one with the entirety of everything. He can create anything he can imagine using 1 of his 84,000 hairs, and has held up infinity on 1 shoulder. There are more feats I can’t remember off the top of my head but he’s basically the 1 being among all pantheons that can solo almost everything Yeah it’s really funny seeing people try to adapt him into DnD with a stat block when he should just be treated as a God; able to do whatever the narrative requires him to do. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. It's correct but I want to add a bit, 'cause it may leave some misinformation. He wasn't, like, standing among Samadhi Fires and ensured them for 49 days. He actually hid in the "巽/Xun" corner (wind corner) of the caulron where there is less fire, he eventually learnt another ability "火眼金睛/huoyan-jinjing" which help him to see through the disguise of Yaoquais or even Buddhas in the journey. However it left him a weakness where he was more vunerable against powers with dust. He almost got blinded by the Samadhi Winds of Yellow Wind Sage when they encountered him. i like in the movies he usually at some point gets pissed off, decides to go full demon mode, gets the 2 flags on his back and starts calling himself the great sage, equal of heaven. and in my own head cannon whenever he does that he's invincible to everything but buddah himself who seems to only be able to trap him. Buddha had no desire to kill, after all he viewed Wukong as one would a misbehaving child, one with great potential and certainly redeemable. In all depictions I have seen, he overpowered Wukong effortlessly, to the point where you can call it straight up punishment rather than a fight. His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Common misconception. It's actually just a pillar that was used to measure the oceans by Yu the Great. When they lock him and burned him, his eyes got “melted” and he got fire eyes that can see through any lie and illusion You don't even need to know Sun Wukong's story. After defeating Erlang Shen, the Heaven-appointed giant transformation is called "Fa Tian Xiang Di," an extremely powerful celestial technique. Because there's no reference point, players can't fully grasp its immense size. In reality, it's over 30,000 meters tall. Only those capable of using the same technique, like Erlang Shen, can stand a chance against it idk if this is what you meant by “longevity”, but it deserves clarification anyways. he has six different forms of immortality, which all compound to make him super immortal or whatever. regular daoist immortality. wiped his name from the ledgers governing life and death when he was in hell. ate immortal peaches. drank immortal wine. drank immortal elixir ate immortal ginseng fruit. and all of this on top of being one of the most durable characters in fiction already. Wukong is several levels of immortal, and fought dozens of gods at once, Kratos can only fight and beat a single nerfed god at a time. Not that his stuff isn’t impressive, but he doesn’t even scale to myth Zeus. Watch offline divines vid on wukong vs kratos but taking a quote he said “on a scale of 1 to infinity Kratos would be a 5 and wukong would be above the entire scale” To put it more simply, you know Goku from Dragon Ball and how powerful he is? Goku is Japanese alien WuKong. Son Goku is the Japanese pronunciation for Sun Wu Kong. Speaking of Dragon Ball, there are many characters that can be matched with Dragon Ball: Goku in Dragon Ball also has a stick that can grow freely, Tien Shinhan who appeared in the early stage is almost as strong as Goku (corresponding to Erlang Shen Yang Jian, they both have three eyes), Goku's wife Chi Chi's father is also the Bull Demon King, and Goku's early partner is also a pig. Interestingly, Goku's master has nothing to do with Journey to the West, and Master Roshi corresponds to Jackie Chan. dude.. Unless kratos can withstand a hit from a pole of 8000kg continuously during their fight, I don't think kratos could last long. The guy even had a hard time fighting a depressed Thor. Wukong can copy all of kratos and clone himself 84000 times, with each clone having 84000 clones too. Wukong is invincible 7 times over, with 72 lives. Even if base wukong couldn’t win (he can), wukong could just make infinite clones of kratos I love Kratos but Wukong would dance around his dead body Pre journey Wukong would probably duel him until either he gets bored or he beats him without too much trouble. I have a feeling post journey Wukong probably would try and talk him out of his path of vengeance and try to convince him to seek inner peace. Post Journey Wukong and post Valhalla Kratos would probably just compete for best story about that time they fucked up a whole pantheon and generally have a lot of "Oh yeah? Me too" moments. More likely, share notes on best mead and realms to see. Neither one is particularly boastful at the end of their journey. For real you know Monkey is stealing some more of the alcohol that made him immortal for those conversations I'd imagine they'd have a few exchanges in combat, and as they both slowly realize each other's similar experiences, they might just stop fighting and start talking it out. Perhaps even with some wine too. when wokong meets kratos: buttoms up brothers! one final toast before we crash the celestial court! Kratos is not like... 5 times? immortal My Wukong is NG+++++ immortal. Advantage Wukong. Holy shit do you sleep lets see, he ate like evey immortality peach and every one of the lesser peaches which each extend ur life by a shit ton, all of taishang laojun's pills (which can make someone immortal), removed his name from the list in hell so he cant die basically, ate the fruit that makes ppl immortal, is immune to every single form of weapon and cant be burnt to death and yea pretty immortal if u asked me Wukong would obliterate Kratos, no matter which form/which powerlevel. How is this even a question Wukong will win 100%
I absolutely love kratos and the god of war series so i’m heavily biased. Wukong will win As someone who loved both games but doesn't know much about Wukong Lore, why? From a game perspective, it seems like Kratos has more physical strength and the ability to regenerate. Probably a stupid question Not a stupid question at all, but Wukong in Jounrey to the West had to be sealed by Buddha himself, who is one with everything. Basically, Wukong has achieved like 7+ forms of longevity. He has 84,000 hairs on his body that he can pluck off and turn into clones of anything, including Kratos(with the same abilities). His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. I don't know all the specifics of every single feat, but this is a general overview of just some of the stuff he is capable of doing. Please, anyone who knows more correct me if I've made mistakes. I always thought Wukong was a hero. Like one who defied the gods for their unrightous doings. I recently found out that hes just a dick. Like an arrogant dick. Correct, homie literally just wants to live his life at whatever cost lol Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things. He was definitely chaotic neutral AF at the start of the story. Whether or not his revolt against the heavens is justified or not is up to the reader to decide imo, he applied for a place in the heavenly court and was assigned horse stable tender, which is so low it might as well just be a janitor. And he didn't know this until some immortals started making fun of him for it. Which led to him basically trashing the place and declaring war against the heavens. He pretty much just wants power until the Buddha intervened and sealed him under a mountain, until Xuan Zang took him as a disciple on the namesake journey to the West. And even then at the start he was impulsive and still very murderous. It wasn't until maybe 1/3 of the way that he started developing a sense of morality and good. By the end he was actively confronting and fighting demons, saving people, etc. He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic. He also became Buddha in actual mythology and became one with the entirety of everything. He can create anything he can imagine using 1 of his 84,000 hairs, and has held up infinity on 1 shoulder. There are more feats I can’t remember off the top of my head but he’s basically the 1 being among all pantheons that can solo almost everything Yeah it’s really funny seeing people try to adapt him into DnD with a stat block when he should just be treated as a God; able to do whatever the narrative requires him to do. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. It's correct but I want to add a bit, 'cause it may leave some misinformation. He wasn't, like, standing among Samadhi Fires and ensured them for 49 days. He actually hid in the "巽/Xun" corner (wind corner) of the caulron where there is less fire, he eventually learnt another ability "火眼金睛/huoyan-jinjing" which help him to see through the disguise of Yaoquais or even Buddhas in the journey. However it left him a weakness where he was more vunerable against powers with dust. He almost got blinded by the Samadhi Winds of Yellow Wind Sage when they encountered him. i like in the movies he usually at some point gets pissed off, decides to go full demon mode, gets the 2 flags on his back and starts calling himself the great sage, equal of heaven. and in my own head cannon whenever he does that he's invincible to everything but buddah himself who seems to only be able to trap him. Buddha had no desire to kill, after all he viewed Wukong as one would a misbehaving child, one with great potential and certainly redeemable. In all depictions I have seen, he overpowered Wukong effortlessly, to the point where you can call it straight up punishment rather than a fight. His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Common misconception. It's actually just a pillar that was used to measure the oceans by Yu the Great. When they lock him and burned him, his eyes got “melted” and he got fire eyes that can see through any lie and illusion You don't even need to know Sun Wukong's story. After defeating Erlang Shen, the Heaven-appointed giant transformation is called "Fa Tian Xiang Di," an extremely powerful celestial technique. Because there's no reference point, players can't fully grasp its immense size. In reality, it's over 30,000 meters tall. Only those capable of using the same technique, like Erlang Shen, can stand a chance against it idk if this is what you meant by “longevity”, but it deserves clarification anyways. he has six different forms of immortality, which all compound to make him super immortal or whatever. regular daoist immortality. wiped his name from the ledgers governing life and death when he was in hell. ate immortal peaches. drank immortal wine. drank immortal elixir ate immortal ginseng fruit. and all of this on top of being one of the most durable characters in fiction already. Wukong is several levels of immortal, and fought dozens of gods at once, Kratos can only fight and beat a single nerfed god at a time. Not that his stuff isn’t impressive, but he doesn’t even scale to myth Zeus. Watch offline divines vid on wukong vs kratos but taking a quote he said “on a scale of 1 to infinity Kratos would be a 5 and wukong would be above the entire scale” To put it more simply, you know Goku from Dragon Ball and how powerful he is? Goku is Japanese alien WuKong. Son Goku is the Japanese pronunciation for Sun Wu Kong. Speaking of Dragon Ball, there are many characters that can be matched with Dragon Ball: Goku in Dragon Ball also has a stick that can grow freely, Tien Shinhan who appeared in the early stage is almost as strong as Goku (corresponding to Erlang Shen Yang Jian, they both have three eyes), Goku's wife Chi Chi's father is also the Bull Demon King, and Goku's early partner is also a pig. Interestingly, Goku's master has nothing to do with Journey to the West, and Master Roshi corresponds to Jackie Chan. dude.. Unless kratos can withstand a hit from a pole of 8000kg continuously during their fight, I don't think kratos could last long. The guy even had a hard time fighting a depressed Thor. Wukong can copy all of kratos and clone himself 84000 times, with each clone having 84000 clones too. Wukong is invincible 7 times over, with 72 lives. Even if base wukong couldn’t win (he can), wukong could just make infinite clones of kratos
As someone who loved both games but doesn't know much about Wukong Lore, why? From a game perspective, it seems like Kratos has more physical strength and the ability to regenerate. Probably a stupid question Not a stupid question at all, but Wukong in Jounrey to the West had to be sealed by Buddha himself, who is one with everything. Basically, Wukong has achieved like 7+ forms of longevity. He has 84,000 hairs on his body that he can pluck off and turn into clones of anything, including Kratos(with the same abilities). His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. I don't know all the specifics of every single feat, but this is a general overview of just some of the stuff he is capable of doing. Please, anyone who knows more correct me if I've made mistakes. I always thought Wukong was a hero. Like one who defied the gods for their unrightous doings. I recently found out that hes just a dick. Like an arrogant dick. Correct, homie literally just wants to live his life at whatever cost lol Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things. He was definitely chaotic neutral AF at the start of the story. Whether or not his revolt against the heavens is justified or not is up to the reader to decide imo, he applied for a place in the heavenly court and was assigned horse stable tender, which is so low it might as well just be a janitor. And he didn't know this until some immortals started making fun of him for it. Which led to him basically trashing the place and declaring war against the heavens. He pretty much just wants power until the Buddha intervened and sealed him under a mountain, until Xuan Zang took him as a disciple on the namesake journey to the West. And even then at the start he was impulsive and still very murderous. It wasn't until maybe 1/3 of the way that he started developing a sense of morality and good. By the end he was actively confronting and fighting demons, saving people, etc. He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic. He also became Buddha in actual mythology and became one with the entirety of everything. He can create anything he can imagine using 1 of his 84,000 hairs, and has held up infinity on 1 shoulder. There are more feats I can’t remember off the top of my head but he’s basically the 1 being among all pantheons that can solo almost everything Yeah it’s really funny seeing people try to adapt him into DnD with a stat block when he should just be treated as a God; able to do whatever the narrative requires him to do. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. It's correct but I want to add a bit, 'cause it may leave some misinformation. He wasn't, like, standing among Samadhi Fires and ensured them for 49 days. He actually hid in the "巽/Xun" corner (wind corner) of the caulron where there is less fire, he eventually learnt another ability "火眼金睛/huoyan-jinjing" which help him to see through the disguise of Yaoquais or even Buddhas in the journey. However it left him a weakness where he was more vunerable against powers with dust. He almost got blinded by the Samadhi Winds of Yellow Wind Sage when they encountered him. i like in the movies he usually at some point gets pissed off, decides to go full demon mode, gets the 2 flags on his back and starts calling himself the great sage, equal of heaven. and in my own head cannon whenever he does that he's invincible to everything but buddah himself who seems to only be able to trap him. Buddha had no desire to kill, after all he viewed Wukong as one would a misbehaving child, one with great potential and certainly redeemable. In all depictions I have seen, he overpowered Wukong effortlessly, to the point where you can call it straight up punishment rather than a fight. His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Common misconception. It's actually just a pillar that was used to measure the oceans by Yu the Great. When they lock him and burned him, his eyes got “melted” and he got fire eyes that can see through any lie and illusion You don't even need to know Sun Wukong's story. After defeating Erlang Shen, the Heaven-appointed giant transformation is called "Fa Tian Xiang Di," an extremely powerful celestial technique. Because there's no reference point, players can't fully grasp its immense size. In reality, it's over 30,000 meters tall. Only those capable of using the same technique, like Erlang Shen, can stand a chance against it idk if this is what you meant by “longevity”, but it deserves clarification anyways. he has six different forms of immortality, which all compound to make him super immortal or whatever. regular daoist immortality. wiped his name from the ledgers governing life and death when he was in hell. ate immortal peaches. drank immortal wine. drank immortal elixir ate immortal ginseng fruit. and all of this on top of being one of the most durable characters in fiction already. Wukong is several levels of immortal, and fought dozens of gods at once, Kratos can only fight and beat a single nerfed god at a time. Not that his stuff isn’t impressive, but he doesn’t even scale to myth Zeus. Watch offline divines vid on wukong vs kratos but taking a quote he said “on a scale of 1 to infinity Kratos would be a 5 and wukong would be above the entire scale” To put it more simply, you know Goku from Dragon Ball and how powerful he is? Goku is Japanese alien WuKong. Son Goku is the Japanese pronunciation for Sun Wu Kong. Speaking of Dragon Ball, there are many characters that can be matched with Dragon Ball: Goku in Dragon Ball also has a stick that can grow freely, Tien Shinhan who appeared in the early stage is almost as strong as Goku (corresponding to Erlang Shen Yang Jian, they both have three eyes), Goku's wife Chi Chi's father is also the Bull Demon King, and Goku's early partner is also a pig. Interestingly, Goku's master has nothing to do with Journey to the West, and Master Roshi corresponds to Jackie Chan. dude.. Unless kratos can withstand a hit from a pole of 8000kg continuously during their fight, I don't think kratos could last long. The guy even had a hard time fighting a depressed Thor. Wukong can copy all of kratos and clone himself 84000 times, with each clone having 84000 clones too. Wukong is invincible 7 times over, with 72 lives. Even if base wukong couldn’t win (he can), wukong could just make infinite clones of kratos
Not a stupid question at all, but Wukong in Jounrey to the West had to be sealed by Buddha himself, who is one with everything. Basically, Wukong has achieved like 7+ forms of longevity. He has 84,000 hairs on his body that he can pluck off and turn into clones of anything, including Kratos(with the same abilities). His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. I don't know all the specifics of every single feat, but this is a general overview of just some of the stuff he is capable of doing. Please, anyone who knows more correct me if I've made mistakes. I always thought Wukong was a hero. Like one who defied the gods for their unrightous doings. I recently found out that hes just a dick. Like an arrogant dick. Correct, homie literally just wants to live his life at whatever cost lol Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things. He was definitely chaotic neutral AF at the start of the story. Whether or not his revolt against the heavens is justified or not is up to the reader to decide imo, he applied for a place in the heavenly court and was assigned horse stable tender, which is so low it might as well just be a janitor. And he didn't know this until some immortals started making fun of him for it. Which led to him basically trashing the place and declaring war against the heavens. He pretty much just wants power until the Buddha intervened and sealed him under a mountain, until Xuan Zang took him as a disciple on the namesake journey to the West. And even then at the start he was impulsive and still very murderous. It wasn't until maybe 1/3 of the way that he started developing a sense of morality and good. By the end he was actively confronting and fighting demons, saving people, etc. He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic. He also became Buddha in actual mythology and became one with the entirety of everything. He can create anything he can imagine using 1 of his 84,000 hairs, and has held up infinity on 1 shoulder. There are more feats I can’t remember off the top of my head but he’s basically the 1 being among all pantheons that can solo almost everything Yeah it’s really funny seeing people try to adapt him into DnD with a stat block when he should just be treated as a God; able to do whatever the narrative requires him to do. Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. It's correct but I want to add a bit, 'cause it may leave some misinformation. He wasn't, like, standing among Samadhi Fires and ensured them for 49 days. He actually hid in the "巽/Xun" corner (wind corner) of the caulron where there is less fire, he eventually learnt another ability "火眼金睛/huoyan-jinjing" which help him to see through the disguise of Yaoquais or even Buddhas in the journey. However it left him a weakness where he was more vunerable against powers with dust. He almost got blinded by the Samadhi Winds of Yellow Wind Sage when they encountered him. i like in the movies he usually at some point gets pissed off, decides to go full demon mode, gets the 2 flags on his back and starts calling himself the great sage, equal of heaven. and in my own head cannon whenever he does that he's invincible to everything but buddah himself who seems to only be able to trap him. Buddha had no desire to kill, after all he viewed Wukong as one would a misbehaving child, one with great potential and certainly redeemable. In all depictions I have seen, he overpowered Wukong effortlessly, to the point where you can call it straight up punishment rather than a fight. His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Common misconception. It's actually just a pillar that was used to measure the oceans by Yu the Great. When they lock him and burned him, his eyes got “melted” and he got fire eyes that can see through any lie and illusion You don't even need to know Sun Wukong's story. After defeating Erlang Shen, the Heaven-appointed giant transformation is called "Fa Tian Xiang Di," an extremely powerful celestial technique. Because there's no reference point, players can't fully grasp its immense size. In reality, it's over 30,000 meters tall. Only those capable of using the same technique, like Erlang Shen, can stand a chance against it idk if this is what you meant by “longevity”, but it deserves clarification anyways. he has six different forms of immortality, which all compound to make him super immortal or whatever. regular daoist immortality. wiped his name from the ledgers governing life and death when he was in hell. ate immortal peaches. drank immortal wine. drank immortal elixir ate immortal ginseng fruit. and all of this on top of being one of the most durable characters in fiction already.
I always thought Wukong was a hero. Like one who defied the gods for their unrightous doings. I recently found out that hes just a dick. Like an arrogant dick. Correct, homie literally just wants to live his life at whatever cost lol Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things. He was definitely chaotic neutral AF at the start of the story. Whether or not his revolt against the heavens is justified or not is up to the reader to decide imo, he applied for a place in the heavenly court and was assigned horse stable tender, which is so low it might as well just be a janitor. And he didn't know this until some immortals started making fun of him for it. Which led to him basically trashing the place and declaring war against the heavens. He pretty much just wants power until the Buddha intervened and sealed him under a mountain, until Xuan Zang took him as a disciple on the namesake journey to the West. And even then at the start he was impulsive and still very murderous. It wasn't until maybe 1/3 of the way that he started developing a sense of morality and good. By the end he was actively confronting and fighting demons, saving people, etc. He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic.
Correct, homie literally just wants to live his life at whatever cost lol Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things.
Yea my buddy told me he was punished for his arrogance and learned nothing after he was freed lmao. Like all the fictional characters I know that are based on him are heroes and legends. But in reality...Wu was just a silly billy who did A LOT of trolling around here. Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees. He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture. That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day. well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things.
Mans had to have a crown put on him, it's the thing that stuns him in the beginning of the game, that gives a univers sized headache so he'd stay in line lol LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees.
LMAO THATS WHAT IT DOES? like an opposite Magneto Helmet. Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle. Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees.
Yeah, that’s why in the good ending you get free of the crown thus the “freed mind” relic, but in the bad ending you get ensalved yet again by the crown and the cycle repeats until one monkey gets the good ending and breaks the cycle.
Yeah the literal only thing the crown does iirc is constrict. It can't kill him, but it can cause headaches enough to bring him to his knees.
He is indeed mischievous in the beginning but he finally became better during the journey. He did see some unfair things during the journey (not some direct unrightous things done by the gods, but the gods weren't there when some yaoguais did unrightous things as they should have). So the basically the story first used him as a character to do all those "dick-ish" things to the gods so that the gods are kind of afraid of him, then let him be prisoned for 500 years and set him on the journey, and finally he fouce the gods to do what they should have done long time ago after he saw all those unfair things on the journey. So him doing those "dick-ish" things foreshadows the better part later in the story. That why he was the symbol of defiance in the culture.
That’s not quite accurate. As someone from a religion that venerates Sun Wukong, he is and always will be mischievous and inclined to defy authority but the Goddess Mercy is said to have tamed him. He now works under her authority to generally make the world better while still being allowed to be his naturally mischievous self. Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day.
Goddess of Mercy was the mother figure to him, as she saved his life when Uncle zhu bajie was sent from the jade emperor to subdue the baby wukong rampaging on his 'birth'day. Guanyin literally cleaned up behind him, doing countless mess. Helping when he was in need, as she knew he was something special and heaven has plans for him. Telling Zhu Bajie that he will be his teammate in the future... Zhu Bajie not understanding at that time didnt gave it any thought. But suprise who gets to fetch him later? The Monkey he spared on that day.
well he's just a wild monkey doing monkey things.
He was definitely chaotic neutral AF at the start of the story. Whether or not his revolt against the heavens is justified or not is up to the reader to decide imo, he applied for a place in the heavenly court and was assigned horse stable tender, which is so low it might as well just be a janitor. And he didn't know this until some immortals started making fun of him for it. Which led to him basically trashing the place and declaring war against the heavens. He pretty much just wants power until the Buddha intervened and sealed him under a mountain, until Xuan Zang took him as a disciple on the namesake journey to the West. And even then at the start he was impulsive and still very murderous. It wasn't until maybe 1/3 of the way that he started developing a sense of morality and good. By the end he was actively confronting and fighting demons, saving people, etc. He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic.
He didn't declare war. After he learned his position, he returned home and declared himself sage equal to all of heaven. So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic.
So we’re the heavens the ones who declared war then as a response? Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic.
Yes, i haven't read the jttw but a lore video explains they were aware of his existence since the day he was born. He was born from a magical stone that absorbed the energy of heaven and earth. They pretty much knew he was special so they made plans to stop him before he could become powerful. This was during his traning arc before he even encountered any gods yet i think. He just wanted immortality but he never messed with the heavens. If he was murderous or power hungry, why would he accept any job that they gave him? He was just looking for validation and just wanted to be special. I think he represents the pure human desire to just want to be great or feel special. The fact that he is just a monkey and he is going against heaven is probably asking the question "Do some deserve less in life just because they born in a lower position." However, we know for a fact that he is special because of the way he was born. I think this nature of wukong is in a lot of us. Pure instual drive to be great, and it shows that it can make us arrogant. Does that mean we are murderous or wish to hurt other people? In the end wukong did become great but in a good. He learned and he became great through good. The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic.
The Stephen Chow 2-part Monkey King movie is a classic.
He also became Buddha in actual mythology and became one with the entirety of everything. He can create anything he can imagine using 1 of his 84,000 hairs, and has held up infinity on 1 shoulder. There are more feats I can’t remember off the top of my head but he’s basically the 1 being among all pantheons that can solo almost everything Yeah it’s really funny seeing people try to adapt him into DnD with a stat block when he should just be treated as a God; able to do whatever the narrative requires him to do.
Yeah it’s really funny seeing people try to adapt him into DnD with a stat block when he should just be treated as a God; able to do whatever the narrative requires him to do.
Heaven once tried to kill him by locking him in a heated pot, heated by the Samhadi Fire, which is said to be able to kill gods, they left in there for, I think, 3 weeks and he came out unscathed and stronger than before. It's correct but I want to add a bit, 'cause it may leave some misinformation. He wasn't, like, standing among Samadhi Fires and ensured them for 49 days. He actually hid in the "巽/Xun" corner (wind corner) of the caulron where there is less fire, he eventually learnt another ability "火眼金睛/huoyan-jinjing" which help him to see through the disguise of Yaoquais or even Buddhas in the journey. However it left him a weakness where he was more vunerable against powers with dust. He almost got blinded by the Samadhi Winds of Yellow Wind Sage when they encountered him.
i like in the movies he usually at some point gets pissed off, decides to go full demon mode, gets the 2 flags on his back and starts calling himself the great sage, equal of heaven. and in my own head cannon whenever he does that he's invincible to everything but buddah himself who seems to only be able to trap him. Buddha had no desire to kill, after all he viewed Wukong as one would a misbehaving child, one with great potential and certainly redeemable. In all depictions I have seen, he overpowered Wukong effortlessly, to the point where you can call it straight up punishment rather than a fight.
Buddha had no desire to kill, after all he viewed Wukong as one would a misbehaving child, one with great potential and certainly redeemable. In all depictions I have seen, he overpowered Wukong effortlessly, to the point where you can call it straight up punishment rather than a fight.
His weapon, the Jingu Bang, is a world pillar that literally helps hold the seas im place. Common misconception. It's actually just a pillar that was used to measure the oceans by Yu the Great.
When they lock him and burned him, his eyes got “melted” and he got fire eyes that can see through any lie and illusion
You don't even need to know Sun Wukong's story. After defeating Erlang Shen, the Heaven-appointed giant transformation is called "Fa Tian Xiang Di," an extremely powerful celestial technique. Because there's no reference point, players can't fully grasp its immense size. In reality, it's over 30,000 meters tall. Only those capable of using the same technique, like Erlang Shen, can stand a chance against it
idk if this is what you meant by “longevity”, but it deserves clarification anyways. he has six different forms of immortality, which all compound to make him super immortal or whatever. regular daoist immortality. wiped his name from the ledgers governing life and death when he was in hell. ate immortal peaches. drank immortal wine. drank immortal elixir ate immortal ginseng fruit. and all of this on top of being one of the most durable characters in fiction already.
Wukong is several levels of immortal, and fought dozens of gods at once, Kratos can only fight and beat a single nerfed god at a time. Not that his stuff isn’t impressive, but he doesn’t even scale to myth Zeus.
Watch offline divines vid on wukong vs kratos but taking a quote he said “on a scale of 1 to infinity Kratos would be a 5 and wukong would be above the entire scale”
To put it more simply, you know Goku from Dragon Ball and how powerful he is? Goku is Japanese alien WuKong. Son Goku is the Japanese pronunciation for Sun Wu Kong. Speaking of Dragon Ball, there are many characters that can be matched with Dragon Ball: Goku in Dragon Ball also has a stick that can grow freely, Tien Shinhan who appeared in the early stage is almost as strong as Goku (corresponding to Erlang Shen Yang Jian, they both have three eyes), Goku's wife Chi Chi's father is also the Bull Demon King, and Goku's early partner is also a pig. Interestingly, Goku's master has nothing to do with Journey to the West, and Master Roshi corresponds to Jackie Chan.
Speaking of Dragon Ball, there are many characters that can be matched with Dragon Ball: Goku in Dragon Ball also has a stick that can grow freely, Tien Shinhan who appeared in the early stage is almost as strong as Goku (corresponding to Erlang Shen Yang Jian, they both have three eyes), Goku's wife Chi Chi's father is also the Bull Demon King, and Goku's early partner is also a pig. Interestingly, Goku's master has nothing to do with Journey to the West, and Master Roshi corresponds to Jackie Chan.
dude.. Unless kratos can withstand a hit from a pole of 8000kg continuously during their fight, I don't think kratos could last long. The guy even had a hard time fighting a depressed Thor.
Wukong can copy all of kratos and clone himself 84000 times, with each clone having 84000 clones too. Wukong is invincible 7 times over, with 72 lives. Even if base wukong couldn’t win (he can), wukong could just make infinite clones of kratos
I love Kratos but Wukong would dance around his dead body Pre journey Wukong would probably duel him until either he gets bored or he beats him without too much trouble. I have a feeling post journey Wukong probably would try and talk him out of his path of vengeance and try to convince him to seek inner peace. Post Journey Wukong and post Valhalla Kratos would probably just compete for best story about that time they fucked up a whole pantheon and generally have a lot of "Oh yeah? Me too" moments. More likely, share notes on best mead and realms to see. Neither one is particularly boastful at the end of their journey. For real you know Monkey is stealing some more of the alcohol that made him immortal for those conversations I'd imagine they'd have a few exchanges in combat, and as they both slowly realize each other's similar experiences, they might just stop fighting and start talking it out. Perhaps even with some wine too.
Pre journey Wukong would probably duel him until either he gets bored or he beats him without too much trouble. I have a feeling post journey Wukong probably would try and talk him out of his path of vengeance and try to convince him to seek inner peace. Post Journey Wukong and post Valhalla Kratos would probably just compete for best story about that time they fucked up a whole pantheon and generally have a lot of "Oh yeah? Me too" moments. More likely, share notes on best mead and realms to see. Neither one is particularly boastful at the end of their journey. For real you know Monkey is stealing some more of the alcohol that made him immortal for those conversations I'd imagine they'd have a few exchanges in combat, and as they both slowly realize each other's similar experiences, they might just stop fighting and start talking it out. Perhaps even with some wine too.
Post Journey Wukong and post Valhalla Kratos would probably just compete for best story about that time they fucked up a whole pantheon and generally have a lot of "Oh yeah? Me too" moments. More likely, share notes on best mead and realms to see. Neither one is particularly boastful at the end of their journey. For real you know Monkey is stealing some more of the alcohol that made him immortal for those conversations I'd imagine they'd have a few exchanges in combat, and as they both slowly realize each other's similar experiences, they might just stop fighting and start talking it out. Perhaps even with some wine too.
More likely, share notes on best mead and realms to see. Neither one is particularly boastful at the end of their journey. For real you know Monkey is stealing some more of the alcohol that made him immortal for those conversations
For real you know Monkey is stealing some more of the alcohol that made him immortal for those conversations
I'd imagine they'd have a few exchanges in combat, and as they both slowly realize each other's similar experiences, they might just stop fighting and start talking it out. Perhaps even with some wine too.
when wokong meets kratos: buttoms up brothers! one final toast before we crash the celestial court!
Kratos is not like... 5 times? immortal My Wukong is NG+++++ immortal. Advantage Wukong. Holy shit do you sleep lets see, he ate like evey immortality peach and every one of the lesser peaches which each extend ur life by a shit ton, all of taishang laojun's pills (which can make someone immortal), removed his name from the list in hell so he cant die basically, ate the fruit that makes ppl immortal, is immune to every single form of weapon and cant be burnt to death and yea pretty immortal if u asked me
My Wukong is NG+++++ immortal. Advantage Wukong. Holy shit do you sleep
Holy shit do you sleep
lets see, he ate like evey immortality peach and every one of the lesser peaches which each extend ur life by a shit ton, all of taishang laojun's pills (which can make someone immortal), removed his name from the list in hell so he cant die basically, ate the fruit that makes ppl immortal, is immune to every single form of weapon and cant be burnt to death and yea pretty immortal if u asked me
Wukong would obliterate Kratos, no matter which form/which powerlevel.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-10-05T09:42:15.005000+0000 内容: How is this even a question
Wukong will win 100%
Now I want a mod that makes thrust stance have a comically large punching glove at the end
Japan would be awesome although I doubt it would happen LOL Already a lot of Japan with Ghost and now Assassins creed sekiro bruv also the best of the souls-like games imo there’s also nioh 1 & 2 Tbf Japan is waaaay further. What business would Kratos even have there 😂 Izanagi brings Kratos to Japan so he can descend into Yomi No Kuni and get Izanami's soul back.
Already a lot of Japan with Ghost and now Assassins creed
sekiro bruv also the best of the souls-like games imo there’s also nioh 1 & 2
Tbf Japan is waaaay further. What business would Kratos even have there 😂 Izanagi brings Kratos to Japan so he can descend into Yomi No Kuni and get Izanami's soul back.
Izanagi brings Kratos to Japan so he can descend into Yomi No Kuni and get Izanami's soul back.
Bruh, Wukong vs Kratos is basically the new Goku vs Superman.
Kratos: Mind if I join? Wukong: Be my f***ng guest, really
Wukong: Be my f***ng guest, really
Haha, that's gold. As for Kratos having a chance, gathering the tools and powers necessary to fell gods is kind of his thing. Given time and knowledge of the setting, I think we could have an epic battle. After all, both Monkes went on an epic journey, gathering items and learning skills to challenge the heavens. So did Kratos. The toys they find in the setting are the limiting factor for both of them. My money would be on myth accurate Wukong but damn it would be impressive. I reckon they'd make pretty good friends once they realise they both hate the gods messing about with others lives. Same. While I think Kratos has a better chance than people give him credit for, my money would be with Monke.
My money would be on myth accurate Wukong but damn it would be impressive. I reckon they'd make pretty good friends once they realise they both hate the gods messing about with others lives. Same. While I think Kratos has a better chance than people give him credit for, my money would be with Monke.
Same. While I think Kratos has a better chance than people give him credit for, my money would be with Monke.
I'm ready for a game set in South America during the Aztec/Mayan/Incan period.   Just make me a character like Jaguar Paw
Bring him to Brazil. I want to see Kratos vs Saci. Or Kratos vs Cuca. Even better: Kratos vs Boto Cor-de-Rosa.
Screw it, give Biblical mythology the treatment. Wanna see Kratos-Samson bro moments. Ok for real though having Kratos fight through Abrahamic faiths would be cool as hell, but honestly at that point it's just Darksiders and if I want that I'll just you know, play Darksiders. Might make for a fun boss rush or dlc just running through the heavenly host, the horsemen of the apocalypse, maybe the beasts of revelations? could be fun!
Ok for real though having Kratos fight through Abrahamic faiths would be cool as hell, but honestly at that point it's just Darksiders and if I want that I'll just you know, play Darksiders. Might make for a fun boss rush or dlc just running through the heavenly host, the horsemen of the apocalypse, maybe the beasts of revelations? could be fun!
Ironically, this game reminds me most of GOW. The characters and setting are different, and the combat is faster but for the rest it's pretty much the same. The developers said that they used GOW as an inspiration, and I’m glad they did
The developers said that they used GOW as an inspiration, and I’m glad they did
Hindu gods would be sick for one of these games
Egypt was originally part of the plan along with Greek and Norse. I kinda want them to do it but I feel like Kratos’s story is over
when wokong meets kratos: buttoms up brothers! one final toast before we crash the celestial court!
This is peak
Haha nice art man
I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again. I’d love a game where Kratos meets pre-journey to the west wukong and tries to stop him from repeating his own mistakes. I think the potential is there
I feel like Kratos and Wukong might actually get along since they're both kinda rebels without causes.  If anything, they would probably fight for fun until it gets outta hand
THere's also India, Thailand, Mayan Gods
Ok but hear me out. What if we got a non canon crossover?
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Altruistic-Tour4235 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Altruistic-Tour4235 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
That would be one hell of a cross over
What I'm saying is wherever they go, the combat should at least get better. May be a hot take but GoW3 and below clear everything after in terms of feel in combat.
From what I've seen, Kratos has been fairly tolerable of animal gods. I mean, he let a squirrel crawl around him and dig through his pockets. He even called Fenrir a good boy.
I think Egypt is the next one anyway
Wukong be like: Ayo Sha Shen, long time no see. How's that globetrotting of yours been goin'? Heard you managed to actually go toe to toe with the gods over there.
They should go Christian, I doubt they dare, but it would be something to behold!
Or Japan, Or Celtic Or Slav (Seriously, theres so much mythologies)
Many people talk about how powerful Goku is, but I like his spiritual strength more. He is willing to sacrifice himself for world peace, which is one of the reasons why this character is so attractive.
TURKIC OR MONGOLIAN KRATOS
What if they team up?
After playing Black Myth, it made me wonder what a god of war based on Chinese mythology would be like. Like would kratos have a weapon similar to Sun where it extends and things like that.
Kratos goes to  India next, Asura from Asura's Wrath's hand punches him back out the door. XD
I feel Wukong and Kratos would be friends
Japan will have to do.
Just kill off his son. Worst plot device. Those titles were weaker than say 3 was
We really need more wukong memes
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: GillyBeSilly 点赞: -3 时间: 2024-10-05T01:01:54.223000+0000 内容: I feel Draupnir would make short work of clones and the elemental effects of kratos weapons along with bifrost and mimir. I honestly don’t feel the Destined One has a chance to be honest. Kratos has dominated 2 timelines in many different realms. What about lore accurate wukong
What about lore accurate wukong
For the record if we are going by "The destined one" the Kratos would eviscerate him. The great Sages broken Shell was exactly that, a shell of Wukongs full might. Given enough time to grasp the relics (Unlock all of their potential through NG+ runs) and a couple 100 more years to get into the flow then the Destined one wins. Kratos has over a millennium of combat prowess. Real Wukong stomps but not what we were playing as in the game. Absolute nonsense, even the Destined One would kick Kratos' ass, the enemies he beat including ERLANG himself is no easy feat
Absolute nonsense, even the Destined One would kick Kratos' ass, the enemies he beat including ERLANG himself is no easy feat
