Even beating Mavuika in likes and RTs. Top 3 are Kinich > Mavuika > Ororun in terms of likes and RTs on Genshin's jp account. ================================================================================  评论列表:
Sasuke Va,+ Ajaw is Naruto va track me You called me dattebayo??? I feel sorry for capitano, the moment he sees the swing flashback it's over for him That implies Capitano was a good person before joining the Fatui, since Talk no Jutsu only worked on enemies that still have a good side deep down, like Pain, Gaara, and Tobi He seems to be portrayed as an honourable soldier so far at least from the limited information we have Cue the flute music I wanna see them go "NARUTOOOOOO , SASUKEEEEEEE" 😭 I NEED IT. I NEED THAT VOICE LINE Also ever since Sumeru, more than half the player base are women in Genshin. Even in this subreddit more than half the users are women these days where is this number from? is there any info on this? /gen I don't think that's the case for this one. Shirou and Sasuke are really popular as a Shonen characters. And Sasuke + Naruto combo is nostalgic. Thanks God for that,  I'm in the wuthering waves page and the waifu obsessed are insufferable, there is a new 5 star male, and they are throwing hate for no reason As a ww player that's so ridiculous, I thought jiyan was pretty cool (tall Xiao basically) so another male 5 star is awesome Maybe it is kinda nature of the players the game company attract to, their another game, Punishing Gray Raven, was known of plenty of waifu but very few male characters, kinda same problem compare with Honkai Impact 3rd … I think it’s Because the new character can fly like Ironman XD. I thought women don't exist on the internet? 😱 Also ever since Sumeru, more than half the player base are women in Genshin Source? Why are we getting 7 female characters and only 2 male then? Even in this subreddit more than half the users are women these days Need source for this too. Edit: Lmfao, she blocked me for this post. That's hilarious. Edit 2: Since I can't reply because of Reddit's terrible block system that blocks you from replying anyone in the comment chain, I'll edit this post to reply lol u/Sufficient-Music-501 I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does. There's actually an easy solution for this that'd make both sides happy. Have two outfits for each character, one lewd and one not lewd. Too bad all Mihoyo releases are two outfits a year for characters no one plays, lol. I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does. To be fair, in many games, women tend to play female characters more. I remember way back in League, people were complaining on why they kept releasing pretty women, and an employee shared some stats that their female players prefer to play female characters, while male players play both.  As a result, they made more female characters to appeal to both. Normally this wouldn’t be true in a gacha game due to hardcore waifu/husbando collecting culture, but Genshin is relatively mainstream. Edit:  according to this article a whopping 97% of female league players only played as female champions, while men are evenly split on genders https://80.lv/articles/riot-is-making-more-female-league-of-legends-characters-to-balance-the-roster/?amp=1 I wonder if this has to so with character design? Have they tried designing a dude like they design a waifu? Focusing on what women like about the character, making them a real gentleman, etc. Maybe that can attract female players. Expectation: Wow Diluc is so handsome what a gentleman Reality: I wish Dottore would experiment on me do you not remember the sheer flood of neuvillette thirst posts in the first couple months of fontaine Also wroithesley That's because of demographic. Woman don't want to play as a buff man or monster ones, they want to play with what they feel comfortable as. Is comparing Kratus with Zhongli, it isn't the same audience thus it isn't a accurate comparison. There is also one of the league males that woman liked, and the vast majority of the woman that played with non woman characters was with him, because he fit more on a "standard" male beauty. honestly even just looking at the people around me and reflecting on myself, this is probably accurate... all my mains and every female i know mains women (kai'sa, syndra, seraphine, orianna, ashe, evelynn, lux...). Probably because they're treating those characters as something of a self-insert considering it's not a very story focused game and as I understand it, there's no real MC, just a roster of characters. Gacha characters are supposed to be eye candy, not self inserts (besides the MC) so I don't think it's really comparable. Curious to know where this statistic is from? I think that’s more of a personal observation on your part, unless you have a source for this :P Before that Junko voiced Gon freecs in the original HxH.
You called me dattebayo??? I feel sorry for capitano, the moment he sees the swing flashback it's over for him That implies Capitano was a good person before joining the Fatui, since Talk no Jutsu only worked on enemies that still have a good side deep down, like Pain, Gaara, and Tobi He seems to be portrayed as an honourable soldier so far at least from the limited information we have Cue the flute music
I feel sorry for capitano, the moment he sees the swing flashback it's over for him That implies Capitano was a good person before joining the Fatui, since Talk no Jutsu only worked on enemies that still have a good side deep down, like Pain, Gaara, and Tobi He seems to be portrayed as an honourable soldier so far at least from the limited information we have Cue the flute music
That implies Capitano was a good person before joining the Fatui, since Talk no Jutsu only worked on enemies that still have a good side deep down, like Pain, Gaara, and Tobi He seems to be portrayed as an honourable soldier so far at least from the limited information we have
He seems to be portrayed as an honourable soldier so far at least from the limited information we have
Cue the flute music
I wanna see them go "NARUTOOOOOO , SASUKEEEEEEE" 😭 I NEED IT. I NEED THAT VOICE LINE
I NEED IT. I NEED THAT VOICE LINE
Also ever since Sumeru, more than half the player base are women in Genshin. Even in this subreddit more than half the users are women these days where is this number from? is there any info on this? /gen I don't think that's the case for this one. Shirou and Sasuke are really popular as a Shonen characters. And Sasuke + Naruto combo is nostalgic. Thanks God for that,  I'm in the wuthering waves page and the waifu obsessed are insufferable, there is a new 5 star male, and they are throwing hate for no reason As a ww player that's so ridiculous, I thought jiyan was pretty cool (tall Xiao basically) so another male 5 star is awesome Maybe it is kinda nature of the players the game company attract to, their another game, Punishing Gray Raven, was known of plenty of waifu but very few male characters, kinda same problem compare with Honkai Impact 3rd … I think it’s Because the new character can fly like Ironman XD. I thought women don't exist on the internet? 😱 Also ever since Sumeru, more than half the player base are women in Genshin Source? Why are we getting 7 female characters and only 2 male then? Even in this subreddit more than half the users are women these days Need source for this too. Edit: Lmfao, she blocked me for this post. That's hilarious. Edit 2: Since I can't reply because of Reddit's terrible block system that blocks you from replying anyone in the comment chain, I'll edit this post to reply lol u/Sufficient-Music-501 I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does. There's actually an easy solution for this that'd make both sides happy. Have two outfits for each character, one lewd and one not lewd. Too bad all Mihoyo releases are two outfits a year for characters no one plays, lol. I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does. To be fair, in many games, women tend to play female characters more. I remember way back in League, people were complaining on why they kept releasing pretty women, and an employee shared some stats that their female players prefer to play female characters, while male players play both.  As a result, they made more female characters to appeal to both. Normally this wouldn’t be true in a gacha game due to hardcore waifu/husbando collecting culture, but Genshin is relatively mainstream. Edit:  according to this article a whopping 97% of female league players only played as female champions, while men are evenly split on genders https://80.lv/articles/riot-is-making-more-female-league-of-legends-characters-to-balance-the-roster/?amp=1 I wonder if this has to so with character design? Have they tried designing a dude like they design a waifu? Focusing on what women like about the character, making them a real gentleman, etc. Maybe that can attract female players. Expectation: Wow Diluc is so handsome what a gentleman Reality: I wish Dottore would experiment on me do you not remember the sheer flood of neuvillette thirst posts in the first couple months of fontaine Also wroithesley That's because of demographic. Woman don't want to play as a buff man or monster ones, they want to play with what they feel comfortable as. Is comparing Kratus with Zhongli, it isn't the same audience thus it isn't a accurate comparison. There is also one of the league males that woman liked, and the vast majority of the woman that played with non woman characters was with him, because he fit more on a "standard" male beauty. honestly even just looking at the people around me and reflecting on myself, this is probably accurate... all my mains and every female i know mains women (kai'sa, syndra, seraphine, orianna, ashe, evelynn, lux...). Probably because they're treating those characters as something of a self-insert considering it's not a very story focused game and as I understand it, there's no real MC, just a roster of characters. Gacha characters are supposed to be eye candy, not self inserts (besides the MC) so I don't think it's really comparable. Curious to know where this statistic is from? I think that’s more of a personal observation on your part, unless you have a source for this :P
where is this number from? is there any info on this? /gen
I don't think that's the case for this one. Shirou and Sasuke are really popular as a Shonen characters. And Sasuke + Naruto combo is nostalgic.
Thanks God for that,  I'm in the wuthering waves page and the waifu obsessed are insufferable, there is a new 5 star male, and they are throwing hate for no reason As a ww player that's so ridiculous, I thought jiyan was pretty cool (tall Xiao basically) so another male 5 star is awesome Maybe it is kinda nature of the players the game company attract to, their another game, Punishing Gray Raven, was known of plenty of waifu but very few male characters, kinda same problem compare with Honkai Impact 3rd … I think it’s Because the new character can fly like Ironman XD.
As a ww player that's so ridiculous, I thought jiyan was pretty cool (tall Xiao basically) so another male 5 star is awesome Maybe it is kinda nature of the players the game company attract to, their another game, Punishing Gray Raven, was known of plenty of waifu but very few male characters, kinda same problem compare with Honkai Impact 3rd … I think it’s Because the new character can fly like Ironman XD.
Maybe it is kinda nature of the players the game company attract to, their another game, Punishing Gray Raven, was known of plenty of waifu but very few male characters, kinda same problem compare with Honkai Impact 3rd
… I think it’s Because the new character can fly like Ironman XD.
I thought women don't exist on the internet? 😱
Also ever since Sumeru, more than half the player base are women in Genshin Source? Why are we getting 7 female characters and only 2 male then? Even in this subreddit more than half the users are women these days Need source for this too. Edit: Lmfao, she blocked me for this post. That's hilarious. Edit 2: Since I can't reply because of Reddit's terrible block system that blocks you from replying anyone in the comment chain, I'll edit this post to reply lol u/Sufficient-Music-501 I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does. There's actually an easy solution for this that'd make both sides happy. Have two outfits for each character, one lewd and one not lewd. Too bad all Mihoyo releases are two outfits a year for characters no one plays, lol. I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does. To be fair, in many games, women tend to play female characters more. I remember way back in League, people were complaining on why they kept releasing pretty women, and an employee shared some stats that their female players prefer to play female characters, while male players play both.  As a result, they made more female characters to appeal to both. Normally this wouldn’t be true in a gacha game due to hardcore waifu/husbando collecting culture, but Genshin is relatively mainstream. Edit:  according to this article a whopping 97% of female league players only played as female champions, while men are evenly split on genders https://80.lv/articles/riot-is-making-more-female-league-of-legends-characters-to-balance-the-roster/?amp=1 I wonder if this has to so with character design? Have they tried designing a dude like they design a waifu? Focusing on what women like about the character, making them a real gentleman, etc. Maybe that can attract female players. Expectation: Wow Diluc is so handsome what a gentleman Reality: I wish Dottore would experiment on me do you not remember the sheer flood of neuvillette thirst posts in the first couple months of fontaine Also wroithesley That's because of demographic. Woman don't want to play as a buff man or monster ones, they want to play with what they feel comfortable as. Is comparing Kratus with Zhongli, it isn't the same audience thus it isn't a accurate comparison. There is also one of the league males that woman liked, and the vast majority of the woman that played with non woman characters was with him, because he fit more on a "standard" male beauty. honestly even just looking at the people around me and reflecting on myself, this is probably accurate... all my mains and every female i know mains women (kai'sa, syndra, seraphine, orianna, ashe, evelynn, lux...). Probably because they're treating those characters as something of a self-insert considering it's not a very story focused game and as I understand it, there's no real MC, just a roster of characters. Gacha characters are supposed to be eye candy, not self inserts (besides the MC) so I don't think it's really comparable.
I'm a girl and always play with girls when I have the chance. Imo the the real question would be" why are girls barely wearing their underwear?". Because sure, when I can I play women, but I pretty much prefer Jean or Arle with their actual clothes to well more or less anyone else. It's not like I don't end up playing the Allmighty Shogun who goes around in her undies, but I'd much rather Ei have another design so I'm pretty sure that 80% of designs hoyo churns out are not really aimed at my demographic. So, if the other user it right, I can at least say that men like to spend more on women than the female player base does.
To be fair, in many games, women tend to play female characters more. I remember way back in League, people were complaining on why they kept releasing pretty women, and an employee shared some stats that their female players prefer to play female characters, while male players play both.  As a result, they made more female characters to appeal to both. Normally this wouldn’t be true in a gacha game due to hardcore waifu/husbando collecting culture, but Genshin is relatively mainstream. Edit:  according to this article a whopping 97% of female league players only played as female champions, while men are evenly split on genders https://80.lv/articles/riot-is-making-more-female-league-of-legends-characters-to-balance-the-roster/?amp=1 I wonder if this has to so with character design? Have they tried designing a dude like they design a waifu? Focusing on what women like about the character, making them a real gentleman, etc. Maybe that can attract female players. Expectation: Wow Diluc is so handsome what a gentleman Reality: I wish Dottore would experiment on me do you not remember the sheer flood of neuvillette thirst posts in the first couple months of fontaine Also wroithesley That's because of demographic. Woman don't want to play as a buff man or monster ones, they want to play with what they feel comfortable as. Is comparing Kratus with Zhongli, it isn't the same audience thus it isn't a accurate comparison. There is also one of the league males that woman liked, and the vast majority of the woman that played with non woman characters was with him, because he fit more on a "standard" male beauty. honestly even just looking at the people around me and reflecting on myself, this is probably accurate... all my mains and every female i know mains women (kai'sa, syndra, seraphine, orianna, ashe, evelynn, lux...). Probably because they're treating those characters as something of a self-insert considering it's not a very story focused game and as I understand it, there's no real MC, just a roster of characters. Gacha characters are supposed to be eye candy, not self inserts (besides the MC) so I don't think it's really comparable.
I wonder if this has to so with character design? Have they tried designing a dude like they design a waifu? Focusing on what women like about the character, making them a real gentleman, etc. Maybe that can attract female players. Expectation: Wow Diluc is so handsome what a gentleman Reality: I wish Dottore would experiment on me do you not remember the sheer flood of neuvillette thirst posts in the first couple months of fontaine Also wroithesley
Expectation: Wow Diluc is so handsome what a gentleman Reality: I wish Dottore would experiment on me
do you not remember the sheer flood of neuvillette thirst posts in the first couple months of fontaine Also wroithesley
Also wroithesley
That's because of demographic. Woman don't want to play as a buff man or monster ones, they want to play with what they feel comfortable as. Is comparing Kratus with Zhongli, it isn't the same audience thus it isn't a accurate comparison. There is also one of the league males that woman liked, and the vast majority of the woman that played with non woman characters was with him, because he fit more on a "standard" male beauty.
honestly even just looking at the people around me and reflecting on myself, this is probably accurate... all my mains and every female i know mains women (kai'sa, syndra, seraphine, orianna, ashe, evelynn, lux...).
Probably because they're treating those characters as something of a self-insert considering it's not a very story focused game and as I understand it, there's no real MC, just a roster of characters. Gacha characters are supposed to be eye candy, not self inserts (besides the MC) so I don't think it's really comparable.
Curious to know where this statistic is from?
I think that’s more of a personal observation on your part, unless you have a source for this :P
Before that Junko voiced Gon freecs in the original HxH.
him and his pokemon are voiced by sasuke and naruto "His pokemon" is crazy 😭 But fr need him playable, would pull Omg I think he's a must pull
"His pokemon" is crazy 😭 But fr need him playable, would pull
Omg I think he's a must pull
Power of Naruto and Sasuke Never underestimate the passion of fujoshis, even in 2024. I am a straight guy and I will say if either Sasuke or Naruto genderbent into a female, it will be peak romance in shonen they dont need to be genderbent to be peak romance in shonen You get it.
Never underestimate the passion of fujoshis, even in 2024. I am a straight guy and I will say if either Sasuke or Naruto genderbent into a female, it will be peak romance in shonen they dont need to be genderbent to be peak romance in shonen You get it.
I am a straight guy and I will say if either Sasuke or Naruto genderbent into a female, it will be peak romance in shonen they dont need to be genderbent to be peak romance in shonen You get it.
they dont need to be genderbent to be peak romance in shonen You get it.
You get it.
Sasuke + Naruto power
The power of his VA being Sasuke's VA + his companion being voiced by Naruto's VA 😭😭 JP players do not play around when it comes to VAs.
Bleach and Naruto fans rejoicing because they can put Ichigo and Naruto next to him Also Fate/Stay Night, we can pair him with Yoimiya, Shenhe and Yaoyao against Abyss Lector: Violet Lightning to basically make 3/4ths of the main cast + Illya fight against Kirei lol. Truly a wonderful time to be Rintarded. Hopefully we'll get Sakura VA in Snez. Karada wa tsurugi de dekiteiru Now only Luffy remains for the Big 3 to unite in Genshin DB fans rn: Who is ichigo? I'm assuming you're asking "Which Genshin Character shares the same VA as Ichigo", in which case, it's Thoma's JP VA.
Also Fate/Stay Night, we can pair him with Yoimiya, Shenhe and Yaoyao against Abyss Lector: Violet Lightning to basically make 3/4ths of the main cast + Illya fight against Kirei lol. Truly a wonderful time to be Rintarded. Hopefully we'll get Sakura VA in Snez. Karada wa tsurugi de dekiteiru
Truly a wonderful time to be Rintarded. Hopefully we'll get Sakura VA in Snez.
Karada wa tsurugi de dekiteiru
Now only Luffy remains for the Big 3 to unite in Genshin DB fans rn:
DB fans rn:
Who is ichigo? I'm assuming you're asking "Which Genshin Character shares the same VA as Ichigo", in which case, it's Thoma's JP VA.
I'm assuming you're asking "Which Genshin Character shares the same VA as Ichigo", in which case, it's Thoma's JP VA.
He’s the bishounen type (beautiful boy) with cool appearance and impression so he already attracted JP fans since the 4.8 livestream. All JP streamers are either going crazy towards him or saying he’d be popular. After that my TL was filled with his FA to the brim and all of them have good amount of likes for a character that basically has no other known info. His JP VA sealed the deal for JP though, they got him the legendary VA (he voiced Sasuke) and even got Naruto’ VA to be his dragon companion. He is probably the most hype Natlan character right now for JP. P.s. the community say he looks like Xiao and JP loves Xiao so yeah. Yeah I know nothing about the guy but I’m already watching out for him because ,, bishounen , Uwu may I have some JP streamer names so I can see their reactions to him Try this for screaming and reaction ‘Genshin you should be the pillars of young men’ https://www.youtube.com/live/D_jmRGlbg8Q?si=0ESzphT-mhnE5hlN And Nagi-chan sensei ‘you’re really cute’x10 https://www.youtube.com/live/RSe26Kl-Ypk?si=dF6_4wXwm_wpSL3M The streamer who said he will be popular https://www.youtube.com/live/obcSnN6Fq9g?si=SmJ_a5oy261jX_D8 Not sure about Masui, but Chigusa is a shota lover, so that was expected. I remember her expressing her dismay about HSR and ZZZ not having shota characters lol. Nagi switching to unhinged yumejo mode whenever an adult male character appears on screen will always be peak. She’s just like me fr
Yeah I know nothing about the guy but I’m already watching out for him because ,, bishounen ,
Uwu may I have some JP streamer names so I can see their reactions to him Try this for screaming and reaction ‘Genshin you should be the pillars of young men’ https://www.youtube.com/live/D_jmRGlbg8Q?si=0ESzphT-mhnE5hlN And Nagi-chan sensei ‘you’re really cute’x10 https://www.youtube.com/live/RSe26Kl-Ypk?si=dF6_4wXwm_wpSL3M The streamer who said he will be popular https://www.youtube.com/live/obcSnN6Fq9g?si=SmJ_a5oy261jX_D8 Not sure about Masui, but Chigusa is a shota lover, so that was expected. I remember her expressing her dismay about HSR and ZZZ not having shota characters lol. Nagi switching to unhinged yumejo mode whenever an adult male character appears on screen will always be peak. She’s just like me fr
Try this for screaming and reaction ‘Genshin you should be the pillars of young men’ https://www.youtube.com/live/D_jmRGlbg8Q?si=0ESzphT-mhnE5hlN And Nagi-chan sensei ‘you’re really cute’x10 https://www.youtube.com/live/RSe26Kl-Ypk?si=dF6_4wXwm_wpSL3M The streamer who said he will be popular https://www.youtube.com/live/obcSnN6Fq9g?si=SmJ_a5oy261jX_D8 Not sure about Masui, but Chigusa is a shota lover, so that was expected. I remember her expressing her dismay about HSR and ZZZ not having shota characters lol. Nagi switching to unhinged yumejo mode whenever an adult male character appears on screen will always be peak. She’s just like me fr
Not sure about Masui, but Chigusa is a shota lover, so that was expected. I remember her expressing her dismay about HSR and ZZZ not having shota characters lol.
Nagi switching to unhinged yumejo mode whenever an adult male character appears on screen will always be peak. She’s just like me fr
She’s just like me fr
The fact that him and his Pokemon are voiced by Naruto and sasuke's JP va is just amazing and hilarious
Sasuke power
Sasuke and Naruto back together
It seems I hve a lot in common with jp preferences XD Childe, Aventurine and now Kinich <3 Even in the Harbingers trailer JP VA announcement, Childe got the most likes, even over the newly hyped harbingers xD. It was Childe> Arlecchino> Columbina
Even in the Harbingers trailer JP VA announcement, Childe got the most likes, even over the newly hyped harbingers xD. It was Childe> Arlecchino> Columbina
Dont underestimate the short male fandom
We are talking about the most powerful love couple in shonen history Naruto&Sasuke so it is not that surprising.
I just think this guy design is actually really good. He can be any skin color you want, his fit is CLEAANNN. And his eyes too. Matter of fact, i'll just list everything i like about this guy and i'm not even a husbando collector. eyes, very sharp with amazing color. i like his pupil so much. and the eyelashes too. headband and hair. well, the hairstyle itself is nothing special but the highlights is clean as hell too. his dope ass earring. i mean, just look at it. it's probably a tip of saurian fang and look at his necklace. his link is dope as fuck. his fit, his overall but the way he wear it like mechanic/racer with his tight ass tees but the tees has that zip and his harness and gloves too. overall looks like a mechanic/racer but with pixelated aesthetic. color choice of that deep teal and orange fits perfectly too. and don't forget the fucking boots. Imma just say this, i don't know what inspire hoyo to incorporate racer aesthetic in natlan but i like it so much. Pyro archon too, like it's simple yet very ornate and stylized. For pyro archon specifically, the color blend of primal flame is *chef kiss*. Also imma just say this, i watched Nagi-sensei and several other JP CC gushing about his design so much. Women in japan LOVE this man. People gushing about character's design and make a whole paragraph about it make me so so so happy ;_;
People gushing about character's design and make a whole paragraph about it make me so so so happy ;_;
I wonder if he'll beat Ayato/Ishida Akira, who managed to top Raiden on his first run
He's definitely the one I'm most looking forward to
As he should be
it sasuke AND naruto what do you expect lmao
You are my friend Aa, ano hi no yume Ima demo mada wasuretenain deshou? All hail the power of Naruto and Sasuke friendship! Seriously his banner sales will probably be really high in JP. Like I play in EN and am going to play partially in JP just for them
JP's taste in characters based as always FR JP fans have immaculate taste in both genshin and hsr characters
FR JP fans have immaculate taste in both genshin and hsr characters
He’s popular in the English side as well. I don’t think you’ve seen my feed lol. I‘m gonna have to grind a lot if he releases in 5.0 as a 5*.
Edgy, moody, black haired guy with shonen protagonist vibes is popular in Japan? Groundbreaking. The JP VA for Kinich is Sasuke, and his pokemon is voiced by Naruto.
The JP VA for Kinich is Sasuke, and his pokemon is voiced by Naruto.
I still don't get why hoyo don't do more Male character , when most of them are so well recieved Agreed. I want to skip Natlan at this point knowing it's so insanely waifu driven. At the least I wish the droughts weren't so long. ZZZ at this point doesn't seem like it will have a limited 5 star male til November Well there is Harumasa in late September or mid October if that info about 1.2 is true. Though after that it's looking to be very dry yeah that's gonna be rough. Harumasa looks neat so I hope he can tide me over well enough Harumasa??! You don’t mean that yellow eye boy do you? Oh damn, I was planning on deleting ZZZ when the genshin update comes out cause I don’t have storage, but it looks like wuwa is gonna go. Yep it's him. Again it's still not confirmed if he's a 5 star, but most leakers have been saying he is. There's this list if you want to check what characters are meant to be upcoming and their supposed ranks Ty!!
Agreed. I want to skip Natlan at this point knowing it's so insanely waifu driven.
At the least I wish the droughts weren't so long. ZZZ at this point doesn't seem like it will have a limited 5 star male til November Well there is Harumasa in late September or mid October if that info about 1.2 is true. Though after that it's looking to be very dry yeah that's gonna be rough. Harumasa looks neat so I hope he can tide me over well enough Harumasa??! You don’t mean that yellow eye boy do you? Oh damn, I was planning on deleting ZZZ when the genshin update comes out cause I don’t have storage, but it looks like wuwa is gonna go. Yep it's him. Again it's still not confirmed if he's a 5 star, but most leakers have been saying he is. There's this list if you want to check what characters are meant to be upcoming and their supposed ranks Ty!!
Well there is Harumasa in late September or mid October if that info about 1.2 is true. Though after that it's looking to be very dry yeah that's gonna be rough. Harumasa looks neat so I hope he can tide me over well enough Harumasa??! You don’t mean that yellow eye boy do you? Oh damn, I was planning on deleting ZZZ when the genshin update comes out cause I don’t have storage, but it looks like wuwa is gonna go. Yep it's him. Again it's still not confirmed if he's a 5 star, but most leakers have been saying he is. There's this list if you want to check what characters are meant to be upcoming and their supposed ranks Ty!!
yeah that's gonna be rough. Harumasa looks neat so I hope he can tide me over well enough
Harumasa??! You don’t mean that yellow eye boy do you? Oh damn, I was planning on deleting ZZZ when the genshin update comes out cause I don’t have storage, but it looks like wuwa is gonna go. Yep it's him. Again it's still not confirmed if he's a 5 star, but most leakers have been saying he is. There's this list if you want to check what characters are meant to be upcoming and their supposed ranks Ty!!
Yep it's him. Again it's still not confirmed if he's a 5 star, but most leakers have been saying he is. There's this list if you want to check what characters are meant to be upcoming and their supposed ranks Ty!!
Ty!!
His va is sugiyama the GOAT
SASSUKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Besides Sasuke. The VA also gave voice for the main character of one of the most rentable sagas in all Japan (Shiro-Fate Stay Night).
It’s cause they’re gorgeous
Ororun is the real surprise. Bro was on screen for one second He’s voiced by Kondo Takashi another big veteran va plus he looks cool. For JP the voice actors can impact character sales and popularity so much. Many people started Gneshin because Cyno’s va (another veteran and popular one) or Ayato’s va having an impact on his sales. I loved kondo Takashi from Katekyo hitman reborn days so I'm so excited to see him in this game 😊
He’s voiced by Kondo Takashi another big veteran va plus he looks cool. For JP the voice actors can impact character sales and popularity so much. Many people started Gneshin because Cyno’s va (another veteran and popular one) or Ayato’s va having an impact on his sales. I loved kondo Takashi from Katekyo hitman reborn days so I'm so excited to see him in this game 😊
I loved kondo Takashi from Katekyo hitman reborn days so I'm so excited to see him in this game 😊
I absolutely love the design, Kinich takes elements from both Freminet's and Gaming's scrapped concept designs, and I absolutely love the outcome!
Everyone remembers him as Sasuke but for me Noriaki will always be remembered as the boner of his sword dealer
i love swords so much
I mean you got Sasuke's VA voicing him with a bird with Naruto's VA.
1 character with Naruto VA + Sasuke VA? must pull fr
Yeah, Ajaw's pet needs to shine for his owner.
He's popular in my apartment too
bayonetta diluc just ain't doing it for me
he's very popular in my heart...
Looks really cool and has the aesthetic that I thought was gonna be in natlan
Yea, Noriaki Sugiyama quite popular here compare to Komatsu Mikako bcs of Sasuke role in Naruto/Boruto series.
The Power of the Eroge protagonist is just too strong
Is only Twitter really that much of a reliable source to measure the popularity of a character? For most countries probably not, but Japanese use twitter a lot so it’s measurable to some extent.
For most countries probably not, but Japanese use twitter a lot so it’s measurable to some extent.
I mean one of them is a Kinich's va  is a superstar my opinion huge range mainly because he had Sasuke and Shirou so he is partner with Ajaw ( whose voice actor is a legendary in my opinion because she's Naruto) Mavuika on the other hand is rather successful career although not bigger yet in her career ( she is married to tomoaki maeno who also lived around the successful career)
Close enough, welcome back Faker
It's amazing how VAs hold that kind of influence I wonder how hoyo is paying. Anyway it's 100% why I'm pulling for Kinich as well.
Because he is handsome and lovely and we all wanna give him a lil kiss
As he should be ✨️👏
Huh, so much for the complaints about skin tone that the jp fandom allegedly had
Cool guy
Obv, he looks cool af
I WANT THAT!
Bc Sasuke VA
The power of seiyuus lol. Genshin should really use more well-knowned japanese voice actors, because I'M THROWING MONEY once they add mamoru miyano, eguchi takuya, and the takehito koyasu and okamoto nobuhiko in the roster..
Does anyone notice he doesn’t have highlights in his eyes? Similar to Childe from Genshin and Aventurine from HSR another hoyoverse character… both of them are like… crazy af and traumatized…. I hope our boy Kinich isn’t too traumatized… 😭🙏
Popular VA vs Less popular VA pretty much Pretty sure if Mavuika was Himeko expy she would be maybe a bit above Kinich. I don't think matching VAs are necessary for expies when Venti and Wendy have different VAs She's fairly popular and also Zhongli's JP VA's wife irl who is also popular.
I don't think matching VAs are necessary for expies when Venti and Wendy have different VAs
She's fairly popular and also Zhongli's JP VA's wife irl who is also popular.
Twitter will not like this. We shouldn't celebrate Hoyoverse Whitewashing Non White Cultures... So who wants to post their C6 Kinich when he comes out on X instead?
Don’t care. English dub still better
VA carried the most, second the whitewashed design careful u summoned the micropenis mobs
careful u summoned the micropenis mobs
Way to many spam bots on twitter to make these comparison meaningful It's legit, it's just the Naruto and Sasuke reunion mene hitting well with the JP audience. They love these seiyuu reunions/inside joke pair-ups, last year was the same when the VAs were announced and people realized Neuvilette and Wrio were a Levi and Erwin reunion too.
It's legit, it's just the Naruto and Sasuke reunion mene hitting well with the JP audience. They love these seiyuu reunions/inside joke pair-ups, last year was the same when the VAs were announced and people realized Neuvilette and Wrio were a Levi and Erwin reunion too.
