Wolf ================================================================================  评论列表:
I hope her va does good job track me She is cooking so far, but it seem like she having changed VAs multiple times every time she talk to us. I feel it is at least 3 people who voice her including the main VA There are 2 different VAs. She had the VA for Sumeru and Fontaine, and the new VA for Natlan, and recent promo materials. But the voice lines for Sumeru and Fontaine have been replaced with the new VA. I loved the accent from her first VA 💔 Yeah, I loved the first VA so much but I think the new VA did a great job in the teaser last week. I wasn't really a fan of new VA in the voiceovers in game and the previous teasers, but she sounded better this teaser. Still sad about the original voice being changed as it was what made me love the character so much. Still gonna pull when she releases. (People tried to gaslight me that her VA wasn't changed when the first Nod-Krai teaser came out with her narrating it... I was like that voice is SO DIFFERENT are you people deaf. Lol) How can they not hearing literal accent change 🤣 her early voice give her age and wisdom fitting hexenzirkel. At least they do the VA change now then 4 years after release like a lot of character (keqing sucrose) right now Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed. I think that's supposed to be a joke(?) She can "talk" via telepathy
She is cooking so far, but it seem like she having changed VAs multiple times every time she talk to us. I feel it is at least 3 people who voice her including the main VA There are 2 different VAs. She had the VA for Sumeru and Fontaine, and the new VA for Natlan, and recent promo materials. But the voice lines for Sumeru and Fontaine have been replaced with the new VA. I loved the accent from her first VA 💔 Yeah, I loved the first VA so much but I think the new VA did a great job in the teaser last week. I wasn't really a fan of new VA in the voiceovers in game and the previous teasers, but she sounded better this teaser. Still sad about the original voice being changed as it was what made me love the character so much. Still gonna pull when she releases. (People tried to gaslight me that her VA wasn't changed when the first Nod-Krai teaser came out with her narrating it... I was like that voice is SO DIFFERENT are you people deaf. Lol) How can they not hearing literal accent change 🤣 her early voice give her age and wisdom fitting hexenzirkel. At least they do the VA change now then 4 years after release like a lot of character (keqing sucrose) right now Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed.
There are 2 different VAs. She had the VA for Sumeru and Fontaine, and the new VA for Natlan, and recent promo materials. But the voice lines for Sumeru and Fontaine have been replaced with the new VA. I loved the accent from her first VA 💔 Yeah, I loved the first VA so much but I think the new VA did a great job in the teaser last week. I wasn't really a fan of new VA in the voiceovers in game and the previous teasers, but she sounded better this teaser. Still sad about the original voice being changed as it was what made me love the character so much. Still gonna pull when she releases. (People tried to gaslight me that her VA wasn't changed when the first Nod-Krai teaser came out with her narrating it... I was like that voice is SO DIFFERENT are you people deaf. Lol) How can they not hearing literal accent change 🤣 her early voice give her age and wisdom fitting hexenzirkel. At least they do the VA change now then 4 years after release like a lot of character (keqing sucrose) right now Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed.
I loved the accent from her first VA 💔 Yeah, I loved the first VA so much but I think the new VA did a great job in the teaser last week. I wasn't really a fan of new VA in the voiceovers in game and the previous teasers, but she sounded better this teaser. Still sad about the original voice being changed as it was what made me love the character so much. Still gonna pull when she releases. (People tried to gaslight me that her VA wasn't changed when the first Nod-Krai teaser came out with her narrating it... I was like that voice is SO DIFFERENT are you people deaf. Lol) How can they not hearing literal accent change 🤣 her early voice give her age and wisdom fitting hexenzirkel. At least they do the VA change now then 4 years after release like a lot of character (keqing sucrose) right now Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed.
Yeah, I loved the first VA so much but I think the new VA did a great job in the teaser last week. I wasn't really a fan of new VA in the voiceovers in game and the previous teasers, but she sounded better this teaser. Still sad about the original voice being changed as it was what made me love the character so much. Still gonna pull when she releases. (People tried to gaslight me that her VA wasn't changed when the first Nod-Krai teaser came out with her narrating it... I was like that voice is SO DIFFERENT are you people deaf. Lol) How can they not hearing literal accent change 🤣 her early voice give her age and wisdom fitting hexenzirkel. At least they do the VA change now then 4 years after release like a lot of character (keqing sucrose) right now Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed.
How can they not hearing literal accent change 🤣 her early voice give her age and wisdom fitting hexenzirkel. At least they do the VA change now then 4 years after release like a lot of character (keqing sucrose) right now Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed.
Yeah. I was told by so many people that it was the same voice lol. I wasn't even being one-guyed.
I think that's supposed to be a joke(?) She can "talk" via telepathy
She can "talk" via telepathy
Collei’s chronic illness was one of the main plot points in the Genshin prequel comic and came up again as a minor plot point in the Sumeru archon quest. She was cured Her normal attack animations still have those ‘clumsy’ details to them, and have stayed that way since her release, so her being cured doesn’t reflect too much in gameplay She was not immediately healed when she was cured.  I believe they said that the symptoms would recede over time.
She was cured Her normal attack animations still have those ‘clumsy’ details to them, and have stayed that way since her release, so her being cured doesn’t reflect too much in gameplay She was not immediately healed when she was cured.  I believe they said that the symptoms would recede over time.
Her normal attack animations still have those ‘clumsy’ details to them, and have stayed that way since her release, so her being cured doesn’t reflect too much in gameplay She was not immediately healed when she was cured.  I believe they said that the symptoms would recede over time.
She was not immediately healed when she was cured.  I believe they said that the symptoms would recede over time.
Beidou is missing an eye. That's a disability. 3d vision gone. Apparently debunked in a birthday post Dori seems to have some type of dwarfism. A good chunk of the cast seems to have some sort of mental disability, like social disorders or ptsd. Some characters are cursed, if that counts. I don't think we can say Skirk is the first playable disabled character in earnest. Is it really canon that she's missing an eye and not using the tech to have both eyes adjusted to different lighting? I was convinced it was confirmed she lost it in the fight against Haishan, but apparently that's not stated. And according to a birthday post, she uses it for the darkness trick. It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. I guess it's deemed "unattractive". That’s odd. I’ve found that for male characters, a missing or damaged eye is typically considered a handsome/sexy feature. Maybe it’s considered to be a sign of masculinity? Scars and battle wounds are usually seen as "manly", yes. That's totally not a thing irl btw. You can test this yourself: look straight in a mirror and watch the pupil on your left eye, put a small (and preferably weak) light source near your right eye and slightly illuminate it. You will see your left pupil accomodate (contract) at the same time that you illuminate the right pupil! It's called consensual photomotor reflex and is a neat trick to test some neural pathways in the brain (which can be interrupted after a trauma or severe brain oedema). Or you can cover one of your eyes for five minutes and see for yourself that you can see better in the dark with the eye that was closed. This works because of rhodopsin in rod cells iirc. If Sucrose's glasses are prescription, that's a disability right there in 1.0. Kaeya may or may not have an injured eye under his eyepatch. And whatever Qiqi has going on... Kaeya's eye is fine, as he and Diluc discussed via letters. Iirc, Diluc said he knows the eye is fine and Kaeya never confirmed. Which is unreliable, imo. That night was rainy and dark, how would Diluc know with certainty he caused NOTHING to that eye? The man was going for the kill. Realistically, it's probably fine. But I'll believe it when he takes off the eye patch. oh Iansan might have dwarfism  ( I know she's an elf but she might be chascas race ) to, she mentions she stopped growing to every one in her family surprise Iansan is explicitly stated to have a bloodline that makes her small and frail. She only got this far through constant training. Not sure why others in the game where surpsied she didn't grow taller , if her family are all short to 😅but yes just looked it up and your right her family also are small as well Sayu too, maybe. She's around the same age as Yoimiya (who looks like has a prosthetic leg but actually don't,  btw) Iansan has dwarfism, Dori was malnourished as a child. As someone who only has 1 working eye, you develop a feeling for 3D even if you lose it as long as you've gone without it for long enough! It's still a disability, but it's more so tied to peripheral vision. Oh, that's interesting. Thanks for sharing! If you don't mind the prying, do you develop different habits as well? Not specifically that I've been able to observe(heh). For the most part, though, you rely significantly more on muscle memory for different tasks that involve hand-eye coordination. Doing a thing that requires dexterity and a gentle touch for the first time is always particularly challenging due to what I assume is a lack of depth perception. Beidou still has both eyes, it was confirmed in her last birthday art that she uses the eyepatch to adjust better to the dark. Iansan and sayu have dwarfism Dori have dwarfism due to starvation when she was young Baizhu is extremely sick Qiqi have dementia There's few playable characters could be considered disable Qiqi has the notable disability of being dead An issue many of us struggle with Sayu I always assumed was just a late bloomer that hadn’t hit her growth spurt yet Iansan also has dwarfism. Nah, beidou uses the eyepatch for the standard pirate reason: quickly adapting to dark environments You know what I think you right, I didn’t consider Dori at all but her and Beidou definitely were earlier character that have some disability. Skirk and Nicole are more noticeable I would saying. Four prosthetics and no voice took stronger impression Even if we do the egregious thing of ignoring all those previous characters because they aren't noticeable limbs... Jahoda is there as well. Her right arm is a prosthetic. OP being way too hasty with their claims. Jumping the gun without fact-checking. Speaking of fact-checking, as another asked, do we know if Beidou is missing an eye or wearing an eyepatch for easily adapting to night and heavy cloud cover? Jahoda may just have robot gauntlet. It may not be a prosthetic. Like Miyabi. She has a normal arm but her arm looks like a prosthetic. Jahoda isn't out yet, so she isn't in the running for being ahead of Skirk. Checked Beidou. I was mistaken.
Is it really canon that she's missing an eye and not using the tech to have both eyes adjusted to different lighting? I was convinced it was confirmed she lost it in the fight against Haishan, but apparently that's not stated. And according to a birthday post, she uses it for the darkness trick. It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. I guess it's deemed "unattractive". That’s odd. I’ve found that for male characters, a missing or damaged eye is typically considered a handsome/sexy feature. Maybe it’s considered to be a sign of masculinity? Scars and battle wounds are usually seen as "manly", yes. That's totally not a thing irl btw. You can test this yourself: look straight in a mirror and watch the pupil on your left eye, put a small (and preferably weak) light source near your right eye and slightly illuminate it. You will see your left pupil accomodate (contract) at the same time that you illuminate the right pupil! It's called consensual photomotor reflex and is a neat trick to test some neural pathways in the brain (which can be interrupted after a trauma or severe brain oedema). Or you can cover one of your eyes for five minutes and see for yourself that you can see better in the dark with the eye that was closed. This works because of rhodopsin in rod cells iirc.
I was convinced it was confirmed she lost it in the fight against Haishan, but apparently that's not stated. And according to a birthday post, she uses it for the darkness trick. It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. I guess it's deemed "unattractive". That’s odd. I’ve found that for male characters, a missing or damaged eye is typically considered a handsome/sexy feature. Maybe it’s considered to be a sign of masculinity? Scars and battle wounds are usually seen as "manly", yes.
It's weird how rare it is for eye patch users in stories to actually have a broken or missing eye. I guess it's deemed "unattractive". That’s odd. I’ve found that for male characters, a missing or damaged eye is typically considered a handsome/sexy feature. Maybe it’s considered to be a sign of masculinity? Scars and battle wounds are usually seen as "manly", yes.
That’s odd. I’ve found that for male characters, a missing or damaged eye is typically considered a handsome/sexy feature. Maybe it’s considered to be a sign of masculinity? Scars and battle wounds are usually seen as "manly", yes.
Scars and battle wounds are usually seen as "manly", yes.
That's totally not a thing irl btw. You can test this yourself: look straight in a mirror and watch the pupil on your left eye, put a small (and preferably weak) light source near your right eye and slightly illuminate it. You will see your left pupil accomodate (contract) at the same time that you illuminate the right pupil! It's called consensual photomotor reflex and is a neat trick to test some neural pathways in the brain (which can be interrupted after a trauma or severe brain oedema). Or you can cover one of your eyes for five minutes and see for yourself that you can see better in the dark with the eye that was closed. This works because of rhodopsin in rod cells iirc.
Or you can cover one of your eyes for five minutes and see for yourself that you can see better in the dark with the eye that was closed. This works because of rhodopsin in rod cells iirc.
If Sucrose's glasses are prescription, that's a disability right there in 1.0. Kaeya may or may not have an injured eye under his eyepatch. And whatever Qiqi has going on... Kaeya's eye is fine, as he and Diluc discussed via letters. Iirc, Diluc said he knows the eye is fine and Kaeya never confirmed. Which is unreliable, imo. That night was rainy and dark, how would Diluc know with certainty he caused NOTHING to that eye? The man was going for the kill. Realistically, it's probably fine. But I'll believe it when he takes off the eye patch.
Kaeya's eye is fine, as he and Diluc discussed via letters. Iirc, Diluc said he knows the eye is fine and Kaeya never confirmed. Which is unreliable, imo. That night was rainy and dark, how would Diluc know with certainty he caused NOTHING to that eye? The man was going for the kill. Realistically, it's probably fine. But I'll believe it when he takes off the eye patch.
Iirc, Diluc said he knows the eye is fine and Kaeya never confirmed. Which is unreliable, imo. That night was rainy and dark, how would Diluc know with certainty he caused NOTHING to that eye? The man was going for the kill. Realistically, it's probably fine. But I'll believe it when he takes off the eye patch.
oh Iansan might have dwarfism  ( I know she's an elf but she might be chascas race ) to, she mentions she stopped growing to every one in her family surprise Iansan is explicitly stated to have a bloodline that makes her small and frail. She only got this far through constant training. Not sure why others in the game where surpsied she didn't grow taller , if her family are all short to 😅but yes just looked it up and your right her family also are small as well Sayu too, maybe. She's around the same age as Yoimiya (who looks like has a prosthetic leg but actually don't,  btw) Iansan has dwarfism, Dori was malnourished as a child.
Iansan is explicitly stated to have a bloodline that makes her small and frail. She only got this far through constant training. Not sure why others in the game where surpsied she didn't grow taller , if her family are all short to 😅but yes just looked it up and your right her family also are small as well
Not sure why others in the game where surpsied she didn't grow taller , if her family are all short to 😅but yes just looked it up and your right her family also are small as well
Sayu too, maybe. She's around the same age as Yoimiya (who looks like has a prosthetic leg but actually don't,  btw)
Iansan has dwarfism, Dori was malnourished as a child.
As someone who only has 1 working eye, you develop a feeling for 3D even if you lose it as long as you've gone without it for long enough! It's still a disability, but it's more so tied to peripheral vision. Oh, that's interesting. Thanks for sharing! If you don't mind the prying, do you develop different habits as well? Not specifically that I've been able to observe(heh). For the most part, though, you rely significantly more on muscle memory for different tasks that involve hand-eye coordination. Doing a thing that requires dexterity and a gentle touch for the first time is always particularly challenging due to what I assume is a lack of depth perception.
Oh, that's interesting. Thanks for sharing! If you don't mind the prying, do you develop different habits as well? Not specifically that I've been able to observe(heh). For the most part, though, you rely significantly more on muscle memory for different tasks that involve hand-eye coordination. Doing a thing that requires dexterity and a gentle touch for the first time is always particularly challenging due to what I assume is a lack of depth perception.
Not specifically that I've been able to observe(heh). For the most part, though, you rely significantly more on muscle memory for different tasks that involve hand-eye coordination. Doing a thing that requires dexterity and a gentle touch for the first time is always particularly challenging due to what I assume is a lack of depth perception.
Beidou still has both eyes, it was confirmed in her last birthday art that she uses the eyepatch to adjust better to the dark.
Iansan and sayu have dwarfism Dori have dwarfism due to starvation when she was young Baizhu is extremely sick Qiqi have dementia There's few playable characters could be considered disable Qiqi has the notable disability of being dead An issue many of us struggle with Sayu I always assumed was just a late bloomer that hadn’t hit her growth spurt yet
Qiqi has the notable disability of being dead An issue many of us struggle with
An issue many of us struggle with
Sayu I always assumed was just a late bloomer that hadn’t hit her growth spurt yet
Iansan also has dwarfism.
Nah, beidou uses the eyepatch for the standard pirate reason: quickly adapting to dark environments
You know what I think you right, I didn’t consider Dori at all but her and Beidou definitely were earlier character that have some disability. Skirk and Nicole are more noticeable I would saying. Four prosthetics and no voice took stronger impression
Even if we do the egregious thing of ignoring all those previous characters because they aren't noticeable limbs... Jahoda is there as well. Her right arm is a prosthetic. OP being way too hasty with their claims. Jumping the gun without fact-checking. Speaking of fact-checking, as another asked, do we know if Beidou is missing an eye or wearing an eyepatch for easily adapting to night and heavy cloud cover? Jahoda may just have robot gauntlet. It may not be a prosthetic. Like Miyabi. She has a normal arm but her arm looks like a prosthetic. Jahoda isn't out yet, so she isn't in the running for being ahead of Skirk. Checked Beidou. I was mistaken.
Jahoda may just have robot gauntlet. It may not be a prosthetic. Like Miyabi. She has a normal arm but her arm looks like a prosthetic.
Jahoda isn't out yet, so she isn't in the running for being ahead of Skirk. Checked Beidou. I was mistaken.
There have been plenty of disabled characters before these two.
Every quest will be a world quest with Nicole /j
Baizhu is disabled he is chronically ill, kaveh depression, xiao ptsd, can't remember what Layla has but she has that sleep thing, not all disablites are visible . Layla has DID. Her stress created a second personality that appears when Layla is sleeping. And while not wholly accurate in how it developed, she’s surprisingly good representation lmao Imo xiao has both ptsd and depression. I don't think Kaveh has depression, he has something much worse, alchoholism he can have both tbh Both, his alcoholism is fueled by his depression and frustrations. When he is depicted in happier moments he is not drinking alcohol. Kaveh seems to suffer from bad anxiety. And guilt I believe. Yelan and Kokomi also speak of managing their energy levels in a manner that seems reminiscent of chronic illness. Insomnia.
Layla has DID. Her stress created a second personality that appears when Layla is sleeping. And while not wholly accurate in how it developed, she’s surprisingly good representation lmao
And while not wholly accurate in how it developed, she’s surprisingly good representation lmao
Imo xiao has both ptsd and depression.
I don't think Kaveh has depression, he has something much worse, alchoholism he can have both tbh Both, his alcoholism is fueled by his depression and frustrations. When he is depicted in happier moments he is not drinking alcohol.
he can have both tbh
Both, his alcoholism is fueled by his depression and frustrations. When he is depicted in happier moments he is not drinking alcohol.
Kaveh seems to suffer from bad anxiety. And guilt I believe.
Yelan and Kokomi also speak of managing their energy levels in a manner that seems reminiscent of chronic illness.
Insomnia.
So we're going to ignore Collei huh?
Skirk isn’t the first disabled playable character by a long shot — Baizhu has an unspecified chronic illness with widespread symptoms, Xiao has PTSD and chronic pain, Layla has chronic insomnia (and possibly some form of dissociative disorder), Kaveh has depression, and Yelan mentions having some form of hereditary condition that causes her to tire easily in one of her voice lines, to name a few canon examples, and there are several more characters who are implied to have some form of disability. Baizhu isn't unspecified it's a byproduct of his pact with a magic snake(yes it's the one around his neck)
Baizhu isn't unspecified it's a byproduct of his pact with a magic snake(yes it's the one around his neck)
Sounds like OP hasn't lost their 50/50 to Qiqi enough times to remember she exists! Is being dead a disability? To be fair, neither Skirk nor Nicole have heavy negative impacts imposed by their 'disabilities' and must struggle to work around them. Their quality of life isn't affected. They have easily accessible, unlimited, magic powers that counteract any negative effects. On the other hand Qiqi actually has memory loss and has to write in her diary to retain memories. She also has to constantly do exercises to fight the onset of rigor mortis. Plus, she can never grow up. I'd argue that death is the ultimate disability as disability is just the lack to to be able to do things. And as a disabled person myself, qiqis story resonates much, much, much, much, much, much more with what it's actually like living with a chronic or life altering condition than those who just basically ignore their disabilities. In fact, in a way those characters are reinforcing the most damaging mentality for many disabled people in that people can just go and overcome things without thought. Characters like qiqi and Layla HAVE to live with their condition, and we can see that, we see that it makes the way they live different, but tries to also present them in a way that we can still realise they are just the same as any normal person when it comes to who they are. Characters that can seemingly just ignore their condition make me feel discouraged, because I've had countless people try to MAKE me ignore my health and just 'get on with life' as characters like this seem to be doing for themselves. On one hand I get the idea of trying to make disabled people seem normal and capable, but that isn't the reality for a lot of us, and this not only doesn't resonate with me and my experiences as a disabled person, it actually reinforces a lot of negativity that I've struggled with in life around my disabilities. Gotta love when some abled weirdo tells you "don't let your disability define you!" Or whatever crap. Few things can piss me off more. Ikr. Or the classic "my family member has X and could do y" like okay good for them... I still can't and now I feel bad about it Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
Is being dead a disability? To be fair, neither Skirk nor Nicole have heavy negative impacts imposed by their 'disabilities' and must struggle to work around them. Their quality of life isn't affected. They have easily accessible, unlimited, magic powers that counteract any negative effects. On the other hand Qiqi actually has memory loss and has to write in her diary to retain memories. She also has to constantly do exercises to fight the onset of rigor mortis. Plus, she can never grow up. I'd argue that death is the ultimate disability as disability is just the lack to to be able to do things. And as a disabled person myself, qiqis story resonates much, much, much, much, much, much more with what it's actually like living with a chronic or life altering condition than those who just basically ignore their disabilities. In fact, in a way those characters are reinforcing the most damaging mentality for many disabled people in that people can just go and overcome things without thought. Characters like qiqi and Layla HAVE to live with their condition, and we can see that, we see that it makes the way they live different, but tries to also present them in a way that we can still realise they are just the same as any normal person when it comes to who they are. Characters that can seemingly just ignore their condition make me feel discouraged, because I've had countless people try to MAKE me ignore my health and just 'get on with life' as characters like this seem to be doing for themselves. On one hand I get the idea of trying to make disabled people seem normal and capable, but that isn't the reality for a lot of us, and this not only doesn't resonate with me and my experiences as a disabled person, it actually reinforces a lot of negativity that I've struggled with in life around my disabilities. Gotta love when some abled weirdo tells you "don't let your disability define you!" Or whatever crap. Few things can piss me off more. Ikr. Or the classic "my family member has X and could do y" like okay good for them... I still can't and now I feel bad about it Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
To be fair, neither Skirk nor Nicole have heavy negative impacts imposed by their 'disabilities' and must struggle to work around them. Their quality of life isn't affected. They have easily accessible, unlimited, magic powers that counteract any negative effects. On the other hand Qiqi actually has memory loss and has to write in her diary to retain memories. She also has to constantly do exercises to fight the onset of rigor mortis. Plus, she can never grow up. I'd argue that death is the ultimate disability as disability is just the lack to to be able to do things. And as a disabled person myself, qiqis story resonates much, much, much, much, much, much more with what it's actually like living with a chronic or life altering condition than those who just basically ignore their disabilities. In fact, in a way those characters are reinforcing the most damaging mentality for many disabled people in that people can just go and overcome things without thought. Characters like qiqi and Layla HAVE to live with their condition, and we can see that, we see that it makes the way they live different, but tries to also present them in a way that we can still realise they are just the same as any normal person when it comes to who they are. Characters that can seemingly just ignore their condition make me feel discouraged, because I've had countless people try to MAKE me ignore my health and just 'get on with life' as characters like this seem to be doing for themselves. On one hand I get the idea of trying to make disabled people seem normal and capable, but that isn't the reality for a lot of us, and this not only doesn't resonate with me and my experiences as a disabled person, it actually reinforces a lot of negativity that I've struggled with in life around my disabilities. Gotta love when some abled weirdo tells you "don't let your disability define you!" Or whatever crap. Few things can piss me off more. Ikr. Or the classic "my family member has X and could do y" like okay good for them... I still can't and now I feel bad about it Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
And as a disabled person myself, qiqis story resonates much, much, much, much, much, much more with what it's actually like living with a chronic or life altering condition than those who just basically ignore their disabilities. In fact, in a way those characters are reinforcing the most damaging mentality for many disabled people in that people can just go and overcome things without thought. Characters like qiqi and Layla HAVE to live with their condition, and we can see that, we see that it makes the way they live different, but tries to also present them in a way that we can still realise they are just the same as any normal person when it comes to who they are. Characters that can seemingly just ignore their condition make me feel discouraged, because I've had countless people try to MAKE me ignore my health and just 'get on with life' as characters like this seem to be doing for themselves. On one hand I get the idea of trying to make disabled people seem normal and capable, but that isn't the reality for a lot of us, and this not only doesn't resonate with me and my experiences as a disabled person, it actually reinforces a lot of negativity that I've struggled with in life around my disabilities. Gotta love when some abled weirdo tells you "don't let your disability define you!" Or whatever crap. Few things can piss me off more. Ikr. Or the classic "my family member has X and could do y" like okay good for them... I still can't and now I feel bad about it Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
Gotta love when some abled weirdo tells you "don't let your disability define you!" Or whatever crap. Few things can piss me off more. Ikr. Or the classic "my family member has X and could do y" like okay good for them... I still can't and now I feel bad about it Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
Ikr. Or the classic "my family member has X and could do y" like okay good for them... I still can't and now I feel bad about it Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
Or when your family says "you didn't have 'x' growing up, so you don't have it now!" as if disabilities can't happen later in life or, y'know, be overlooked/ignored... I love (most of) my family, but there's a reason I never talk about my health with them.
Doesn't she literally talk in the trailer? Okay telepathically I guess. But doesn't that negate the idea of being disabled. She can't talk but actually can lol I'm on your side 100% Skirk and Nicole have unrestricted access to anything that would normally disable them. Like, just try and make a list of things they are actually prevented from doing or how their 'disabilities' negatively impact their quality of life and how they've have to put in constant effort to work around them. They are like fantasies that disabled people might wish they could experience; a fantasy of not actually being disabled. They hardly represent the struggles that real-life people affected by the same afflictions. They do not struggle the same struggles and aren't really relatable to people who do.
Okay telepathically I guess. But doesn't that negate the idea of being disabled. She can't talk but actually can lol I'm on your side 100% Skirk and Nicole have unrestricted access to anything that would normally disable them. Like, just try and make a list of things they are actually prevented from doing or how their 'disabilities' negatively impact their quality of life and how they've have to put in constant effort to work around them. They are like fantasies that disabled people might wish they could experience; a fantasy of not actually being disabled. They hardly represent the struggles that real-life people affected by the same afflictions. They do not struggle the same struggles and aren't really relatable to people who do.
I'm on your side 100% Skirk and Nicole have unrestricted access to anything that would normally disable them. Like, just try and make a list of things they are actually prevented from doing or how their 'disabilities' negatively impact their quality of life and how they've have to put in constant effort to work around them. They are like fantasies that disabled people might wish they could experience; a fantasy of not actually being disabled. They hardly represent the struggles that real-life people affected by the same afflictions. They do not struggle the same struggles and aren't really relatable to people who do.
Baizhu is cronically ill, there's clear implications of Kaveh that got thought a depression episode at least once in his life, Layla having DID, Xiao ptsd, there's surprisingly a lot of diversity on genshin cast when it comes to disabilities or mental illness representation
Im guessing she might use telepathy or something. Unless she is completely muted lol You don't need to guess, it's written right there in the post Afaik she speaks directly into people's minds, which is both an interesting way to walk around your disability and kinda terrifying
You don't need to guess, it's written right there in the post
Afaik she speaks directly into people's minds, which is both an interesting way to walk around your disability and kinda terrifying
wait why skirk is disabled? her real limbs are gone and replaced with Abyssal limbs Surtalogi ugly ate her limbs her limbs are fake? she seems to be walking fine and all Yes abyssal energy, they’re pretty but is her power not her real body. Poor skirk Yes, without abyssal limbs she is more or less a nugget Like poor Twiggy from ZZZ…
her real limbs are gone and replaced with Abyssal limbs
Surtalogi ugly ate her limbs her limbs are fake? she seems to be walking fine and all Yes abyssal energy, they’re pretty but is her power not her real body. Poor skirk Yes, without abyssal limbs she is more or less a nugget Like poor Twiggy from ZZZ…
her limbs are fake? she seems to be walking fine and all Yes abyssal energy, they’re pretty but is her power not her real body. Poor skirk Yes, without abyssal limbs she is more or less a nugget Like poor Twiggy from ZZZ…
Yes abyssal energy, they’re pretty but is her power not her real body. Poor skirk
Yes, without abyssal limbs she is more or less a nugget Like poor Twiggy from ZZZ…
Like poor Twiggy from ZZZ…
Skirk, for being a disable character, holy shit she got hands... Like bruh Her limbs are abyssal, she definitely got HANDS 🗡️🗡️🗡️🗡️ Her abyssal implants work so fine that i wouldn't mind some of those. "From the moment I understood the weakness of my flesh..." stuff, good "Everything comes to an end, even time itself" I also like from her: "the abyss is like the world's shadow. It's always there and it will never perish". I will just simply hang out around her to see what she's gotta say.
Her limbs are abyssal, she definitely got HANDS 🗡️🗡️🗡️🗡️ Her abyssal implants work so fine that i wouldn't mind some of those. "From the moment I understood the weakness of my flesh..." stuff, good "Everything comes to an end, even time itself" I also like from her: "the abyss is like the world's shadow. It's always there and it will never perish". I will just simply hang out around her to see what she's gotta say.
Her abyssal implants work so fine that i wouldn't mind some of those. "From the moment I understood the weakness of my flesh..." stuff, good "Everything comes to an end, even time itself" I also like from her: "the abyss is like the world's shadow. It's always there and it will never perish". I will just simply hang out around her to see what she's gotta say.
"From the moment I understood the weakness of my flesh..." stuff, good "Everything comes to an end, even time itself" I also like from her: "the abyss is like the world's shadow. It's always there and it will never perish". I will just simply hang out around her to see what she's gotta say.
"Everything comes to an end, even time itself" I also like from her: "the abyss is like the world's shadow. It's always there and it will never perish". I will just simply hang out around her to see what she's gotta say.
Iansan and sayu have dwarfism Dori have dwarfism due to starvation when she was young Baizhu is extremely sick Qiqi have dementia There's few playable characters could be considered disable
I thought that was reffereing to wolfeglicke bruh Who? I touch grass half the year so I need catching up Guy from comepetitive pokemon.
Who? I touch grass half the year so I need catching up Guy from comepetitive pokemon.
Guy from comepetitive pokemon.
Telepathy. She can't speak but have a method to communicate.
cries in Layla *
What is a disability though? If they have means to compensate for what they lost through other ways, like Skirk creating Abyssal limbs then is she disabled? Like for me, my vision for objects far away is basically 20/200, I can't read text on the monitor if I'm not 6 inches near it. But when I wear my eyeglass I can still get a 20/30 at most. So I can't say I'm disabled in terms of seeing. Yes you are still disabled. Are people with a prosthetic limb no longer disabled because they can walk? The mere fact that one needs a disability aid means they're disabled. If the disability aid works well, to the point the disabled person's QoL is not affected by their disability, they do not cease being disabled. It just means the aid is doing its job.
Yes you are still disabled. Are people with a prosthetic limb no longer disabled because they can walk? The mere fact that one needs a disability aid means they're disabled. If the disability aid works well, to the point the disabled person's QoL is not affected by their disability, they do not cease being disabled. It just means the aid is doing its job.
Jahoda seems to have a prosthetic arm and she might be released before Nicole during 6.x
Meaning they don't need to do (terrible) lip syncing with her 3d model... A genius way to save money...
People don't consider cyborgs to be disabled(I mean the new limbs seem as functional has the original, seemingly with now drawbacks, not upto date on lore could be wrong), by that logic I don't think Skirk counts, also not sure about "first and second", considering there's a character missing an eye and whatever is happening with Baizhu, what does being undead count has?, in fantasy worlds it's hard to actually classify who is disables cause half of the time it's magicked away
Hehehhehe
Is Wolfy not being sus? Why does Prof Anaxa and Wise know so much about these beings.
To be fair being punched with abyssal power is just not right.
Isnt she a storyteller? 🧍‍♂️
She'll probably speak in the Traveller's mind? Since she's mute but technically a witch.
I am here to welcome to Nicole to Genshin’s World Quests… Imagine if those were voiced quests and not 10 paragraph essay to read through….
Skirk is disable ? Her limbs are all prosthetic
Her limbs are all prosthetic
Wouldn’t Traveler be the first since they lost their ability to fly?
Wolfy is talking about Nicole in the first pic, and Nicole herself confirm she can not speak in second pic But there is thread of all times Nicole “talk to us” in game so far i think the implication is that she's psychic, or otherwise using magic to talk. Where is the second image from?
i think the implication is that she's psychic, or otherwise using magic to talk.
Where is the second image from?
Is this a robin type situation?
I think they missed an opportunity with Iansan. She could have looked just the same, but with a below-knee amputation. Natlan's people either die or mostly go unscathed through their war. A playable character who didn't would have been fitting.
Diluc with his whatever the fuck happened to his face on his default 3d model
Wouldn't Xiao be the first for being stunted? We're talking about disabilities like being muted etc, not conditions that are only mainly mental health related though😅
We're talking about disabilities like being muted etc, not conditions that are only mainly mental health related though😅
Based on that next line, I'm assuming that while she is mute, she will talk via telepathy or whatever magic reasoning they come up with. So she will still have a VA, but they just won't "talk" like the rest of the characters.
What do you mean "first"? Kayea and Fischl only have two eyes together.. dude 😭😭😭😭
dude 😭😭😭😭
I'd love to see more characters displaying their disabilities in more ways than just dialogue and idle animations 🥺❤ get some visual representation in there. Well thankfully we are getting our first overtly visibly disabled character in Jahoda. Her right arm's a prosthetic.
Well thankfully we are getting our first overtly visibly disabled character in Jahoda. Her right arm's a prosthetic.
Imagine Skirk having to explain why she's allowed to park in the disability parking.
Don’t worry, she speaks in your brain.
There were actually quite a few characters that were disabled before Skirk even made her first appearance
Jahoda with her prosthetic arm:
Eh. Collei, Baizhu, Beidou/Kaeya (maybe?), Layla (DID and insomnia), Kaveh, Alhaitham has many autistic traits, Qiqi?, Sayu/Dori, Kokomi is heavily implied to have like, anemia or something affecting her energy, Xiao… I’m sure there’s more.
Collei was disabled with Eleazar until she got cured, Baizhu is also disabled from acquiring multiple illnesses, Qiqi has also got symptoms that canonically are due to being a zombie but are reminiscent of neurological illness irl.
That's a good way to deal with va strikes /s
Kuki will gonna have competition in the best lip-sync
Wait what disability does skirk have? Missing limbs (her master cut her limbs off to force her to learn how to create fake limbs)
Missing limbs (her master cut her limbs off to force her to learn how to create fake limbs)
Skirk is disabled? Haven't played in a long time.
Bennett is disabled too! (at least his luck is)
Jahoda is almost certainly coming out before Nicole.
This makes me think she's going to be hydro because of the Little Mermaid reference to trading your voice away.
What disability does Skirk have?
Oh noo my poor Nicololol
Post: speaks about DISABILITY. Some people in the comments; Begin to talk about MENTAL ILLNESS. Being disabled is different from being mentally ill, guys. They can come together but it's never the same thing🥲😅
What about Biazhu and arguably Collie? Chronic illness is also considered a disability
When I showed the teaser to my gf, she wants me to pull for Nicole. She just likes her character design. Imma tell her about this.
Skirk's "disability" isn't really the focus of the character. It probably doesn't even register to most people. There are plenty of other representations of disability in the game if you want to actually find one.
Labels labels labels
I havent played in a while what disability does skirk have?
Baizhu? Baizhu was playable before Skirk and is severely chronically ill. Yelan has some sort of chronic fatigue, Qiqi’s zombified state causes severe memory issues as well as having to do stretches constantly to keep from losing flexibility due to rigor mortis. There are so many disabled characters that I have only begun to list them. This doesn’t even include the ones with mental issues or implied mental issues. Skirk having abyssal prosthetics is so neat but she's far from the first.
I’m not sure how MHY would go about making playing a mute character enjoyable. I imagine there would be total silence except for footsteps and audio effects from combat when you play her. My belief is that she would not be playable, but I really hope I’m wrong because I’ve always liked Nicole! You make her enjoyable by making her kit fun to play, same as all the other characters. I’m sure there’s people that play certain characters to hear them grunt and say the same lines over and over, but they can’t be many lol
You make her enjoyable by making her kit fun to play, same as all the other characters. I’m sure there’s people that play certain characters to hear them grunt and say the same lines over and over, but they can’t be many lol
HOLY SHIT I made a joke about her being adult Colette from Tales of Symphonia and it probably is because she's actually a tribute character, lmao what a coincidence
Westerners obsession to be represented in media need to be studied.
