================================================================================  评论列表:
It wasn't that Loong track me I see what you did there We know which loong Best pun I've seen in a while
I see what you did there
We know which loong
Best pun I've seen in a while
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: swan989 点赞: 165 时间: 2024-09-14T17:01:34.772000+0000 内容: He killed me like 6 times but I completed all Chapter 1 and 2 bosses before fighting him and leveled up a lot of things. Then it wasn’t that hard for me. My stubborn ass accidentally ran into him and was like fuck it 😂 took me too long. If you go to the secret level he asks for your help to beat the giant beetle and you’ll get an item that lets you take less damage from his wind attacks. Brooo you telling me I missed a boss Nah bro you missed a whole ass secret area, bosses and items.. I can still go back right I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back. You can go back. You can go back to every secret area. When I got that item I beat him easily on the first try. Before that I was getting smoked T_T Yeah same here It’s not just that, it’s that if you use it in the first al phase it just completely erases his annoying tornado attacks and his “out of bounds” attacks. People complaining about this think it’s a bad boss design, when really the problem is they didn’t fully explore and get the item they need to do the fight properly I remember they both were brothers, the one who helps you kill the boss and this boss. Thats why he gets surprised when you use wind tamer. How to get ?? You’ll have to follow a guide for the secret boss of that chapter. I can tell you you’ll have to find some things and beat some other things then find a pig guy and follow his instructions then beat him too Hahaha one thing I learned from this game is that we have to do all side quests and level up as much as we can before going to the final boss at the end of each chapter. The white noble killed me like 35 times and was harder than this yellow wind guy for me. I spent the most time so far on the White Noble. At least it was a fun fight though. Can't say the same thing about that fucking Pagoda Realm and those annoying bats. I actually had to watch videos on how to get through there because I kept running around in circles. As soon as I did, I was out of there. Didn't even bother killing all those lantern wardens to get the curio, I just wanted it done. Think Tiger Vanguard has taken me most attempts, but I've been using video guides to get through some of the chapter 3 bosses or they'd have taken even longer! I didn't kill a single warden, was just taking a reddit break everytime the chanting started 🤣
My stubborn ass accidentally ran into him and was like fuck it 😂 took me too long. If you go to the secret level he asks for your help to beat the giant beetle and you’ll get an item that lets you take less damage from his wind attacks. Brooo you telling me I missed a boss Nah bro you missed a whole ass secret area, bosses and items.. I can still go back right I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back. You can go back. You can go back to every secret area. When I got that item I beat him easily on the first try. Before that I was getting smoked T_T Yeah same here It’s not just that, it’s that if you use it in the first al phase it just completely erases his annoying tornado attacks and his “out of bounds” attacks. People complaining about this think it’s a bad boss design, when really the problem is they didn’t fully explore and get the item they need to do the fight properly I remember they both were brothers, the one who helps you kill the boss and this boss. Thats why he gets surprised when you use wind tamer. How to get ?? You’ll have to follow a guide for the secret boss of that chapter. I can tell you you’ll have to find some things and beat some other things then find a pig guy and follow his instructions then beat him too Hahaha one thing I learned from this game is that we have to do all side quests and level up as much as we can before going to the final boss at the end of each chapter. The white noble killed me like 35 times and was harder than this yellow wind guy for me. I spent the most time so far on the White Noble. At least it was a fun fight though. Can't say the same thing about that fucking Pagoda Realm and those annoying bats. I actually had to watch videos on how to get through there because I kept running around in circles. As soon as I did, I was out of there. Didn't even bother killing all those lantern wardens to get the curio, I just wanted it done. Think Tiger Vanguard has taken me most attempts, but I've been using video guides to get through some of the chapter 3 bosses or they'd have taken even longer! I didn't kill a single warden, was just taking a reddit break everytime the chanting started 🤣
If you go to the secret level he asks for your help to beat the giant beetle and you’ll get an item that lets you take less damage from his wind attacks. Brooo you telling me I missed a boss Nah bro you missed a whole ass secret area, bosses and items.. I can still go back right I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back. You can go back. You can go back to every secret area. When I got that item I beat him easily on the first try. Before that I was getting smoked T_T Yeah same here It’s not just that, it’s that if you use it in the first al phase it just completely erases his annoying tornado attacks and his “out of bounds” attacks. People complaining about this think it’s a bad boss design, when really the problem is they didn’t fully explore and get the item they need to do the fight properly I remember they both were brothers, the one who helps you kill the boss and this boss. Thats why he gets surprised when you use wind tamer. How to get ?? You’ll have to follow a guide for the secret boss of that chapter. I can tell you you’ll have to find some things and beat some other things then find a pig guy and follow his instructions then beat him too
Brooo you telling me I missed a boss Nah bro you missed a whole ass secret area, bosses and items.. I can still go back right I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back. You can go back. You can go back to every secret area.
Nah bro you missed a whole ass secret area, bosses and items.. I can still go back right I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back. You can go back. You can go back to every secret area.
I can still go back right I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back. You can go back. You can go back to every secret area.
I think so. Check out this dude for a full list of stuff u can do in each chapter- https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/38wy9yrwcs Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on
Thanks bro You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on
You need to unlock all the secret areas for the secret ending btw so make sure you do every quest, especially the ma tianba one it's extremely easy to miss one spot and then void the whole quest line Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on
Yeah I’m gonna try to clean up any missed content before I continue with the current boss I’m on
I ran past the first big baby and by the time I fought the second one , the first one wasn’t there when I went back.
You can go back. You can go back to every secret area.
When I got that item I beat him easily on the first try. Before that I was getting smoked T_T Yeah same here
Yeah same here
It’s not just that, it’s that if you use it in the first al phase it just completely erases his annoying tornado attacks and his “out of bounds” attacks. People complaining about this think it’s a bad boss design, when really the problem is they didn’t fully explore and get the item they need to do the fight properly
I remember they both were brothers, the one who helps you kill the boss and this boss. Thats why he gets surprised when you use wind tamer.
How to get ?? You’ll have to follow a guide for the secret boss of that chapter. I can tell you you’ll have to find some things and beat some other things then find a pig guy and follow his instructions then beat him too
You’ll have to follow a guide for the secret boss of that chapter. I can tell you you’ll have to find some things and beat some other things then find a pig guy and follow his instructions then beat him too
Hahaha one thing I learned from this game is that we have to do all side quests and level up as much as we can before going to the final boss at the end of each chapter. The white noble killed me like 35 times and was harder than this yellow wind guy for me. I spent the most time so far on the White Noble. At least it was a fun fight though. Can't say the same thing about that fucking Pagoda Realm and those annoying bats. I actually had to watch videos on how to get through there because I kept running around in circles. As soon as I did, I was out of there. Didn't even bother killing all those lantern wardens to get the curio, I just wanted it done. Think Tiger Vanguard has taken me most attempts, but I've been using video guides to get through some of the chapter 3 bosses or they'd have taken even longer! I didn't kill a single warden, was just taking a reddit break everytime the chanting started 🤣
I spent the most time so far on the White Noble. At least it was a fun fight though. Can't say the same thing about that fucking Pagoda Realm and those annoying bats. I actually had to watch videos on how to get through there because I kept running around in circles. As soon as I did, I was out of there. Didn't even bother killing all those lantern wardens to get the curio, I just wanted it done. Think Tiger Vanguard has taken me most attempts, but I've been using video guides to get through some of the chapter 3 bosses or they'd have taken even longer! I didn't kill a single warden, was just taking a reddit break everytime the chanting started 🤣
Think Tiger Vanguard has taken me most attempts, but I've been using video guides to get through some of the chapter 3 bosses or they'd have taken even longer! I didn't kill a single warden, was just taking a reddit break everytime the chanting started 🤣
20+ attempts I think over 2 days. I am now in the same boat with yellow brow. Edit - didn't play for 2 days then took him down 2nd try. Didn't bother going back and getting spellbinder. Focusing on charged attacks when he's golden worked out well. Thanks for the help everyone. Highly recommend smash stance for yellowbrows second phase. It’ll break his golden form faster. I didn’t realize for the longest time you could break it and thought I just had to wait it out. Got real familiar with his moveset tho lol I don’t agree you need the pillar stance The thing is pillar doesn’t let you move/dodge while charging. Smash is definitely the easiest one for Yellowbrow. Get the spell binder, and then with the smash stance try to build up focus while running around and hit him with as many heavy attacks as you can, makes the fight a lot more easier Yellow brow wasn’t as bad for me. Cloud step and smash stance is what did it tho.. I also found a bug with that fight too that force closed the game. But good luck
Highly recommend smash stance for yellowbrows second phase. It’ll break his golden form faster. I didn’t realize for the longest time you could break it and thought I just had to wait it out. Got real familiar with his moveset tho lol I don’t agree you need the pillar stance The thing is pillar doesn’t let you move/dodge while charging. Smash is definitely the easiest one for Yellowbrow.
I didn’t realize for the longest time you could break it and thought I just had to wait it out. Got real familiar with his moveset tho lol
I don’t agree you need the pillar stance The thing is pillar doesn’t let you move/dodge while charging. Smash is definitely the easiest one for Yellowbrow.
The thing is pillar doesn’t let you move/dodge while charging. Smash is definitely the easiest one for Yellowbrow.
Get the spell binder, and then with the smash stance try to build up focus while running around and hit him with as many heavy attacks as you can, makes the fight a lot more easier
Yellow brow wasn’t as bad for me. Cloud step and smash stance is what did it tho.. I also found a bug with that fight too that force closed the game. But good luck
days Same Still haven’t beaten him after 2 days
Same
Still haven’t beaten him after 2 days
I heard people having troubles with the dragon girl on chapter 3, but for me yellow sage was waaay harder! The dragon was kinda easy for me I just got under her and keep keeping her in place. The light combo special help too That’s the beauty of these games, nobody will be stuck on the same bosses. I one shot yin tiger, but go absolutely bodied by the scorpion king. You just never know.
The dragon was kinda easy for me I just got under her and keep keeping her in place. The light combo special help too
That’s the beauty of these games, nobody will be stuck on the same bosses. I one shot yin tiger, but go absolutely bodied by the scorpion king. You just never know.
Still on him bro...its been like a week Use the heavy attack with 3 points in the jump, he stays still long enough to regain focus and do it again. gotta get the wind tamer. well... you don't have to but it's a fun extra 3 boss fights and you can nullify this guy's wind effect and get an OP ass spell out of it I second this. I beat him on the first or second try after I got the wind tamer. Must have gotten my ass whooped about 20 times prior. I beat him dw Tbh some medicines help like extra damage they can stack kinda like a cheat code
Use the heavy attack with 3 points in the jump, he stays still long enough to regain focus and do it again.
gotta get the wind tamer. well... you don't have to but it's a fun extra 3 boss fights and you can nullify this guy's wind effect and get an OP ass spell out of it I second this. I beat him on the first or second try after I got the wind tamer. Must have gotten my ass whooped about 20 times prior. I beat him dw
I second this. I beat him on the first or second try after I got the wind tamer. Must have gotten my ass whooped about 20 times prior.
I beat him dw
Tbh some medicines help like extra damage they can stack kinda like a cheat code
Like 4 tries did you guys not get the vessel that makes it much easier? I personally fought him right after the stone and tiger vanguard and just whaled on him until he died, went back later for his young self Which vessel? The wind tamer from finishing the warthogs quest line Hahah what? Not sure if I should be happy that I beat him the hard way, or pissed that it took so long to do it
I personally fought him right after the stone and tiger vanguard and just whaled on him until he died, went back later for his young self
Which vessel? The wind tamer from finishing the warthogs quest line Hahah what? Not sure if I should be happy that I beat him the hard way, or pissed that it took so long to do it
The wind tamer from finishing the warthogs quest line Hahah what? Not sure if I should be happy that I beat him the hard way, or pissed that it took so long to do it
Hahah what? Not sure if I should be happy that I beat him the hard way, or pissed that it took so long to do it
Lost three times then got the vessel and did it my first Wich vessel? Vessel you got from Luban. It negates his wind attacks.
Wich vessel? Vessel you got from Luban. It negates his wind attacks.
Vessel you got from Luban. It negates his wind attacks.
I beat him in my first try, but tbh I was level 50 at that moment and I had all the secret weapons/armor/items from chapter 1 & 2 lol Same. Until chapter 3 I had no problems with any boss Bro how pls enlighten me. Do I need to just farm sparks or am I missing something ? If you don’t have it the wind vessel helps a lot. Pretty Sure it’s in the Secret level for Chap. 2.
Same. Until chapter 3 I had no problems with any boss
Bro how pls enlighten me. Do I need to just farm sparks or am I missing something ? If you don’t have it the wind vessel helps a lot. Pretty Sure it’s in the Secret level for Chap. 2.
If you don’t have it the wind vessel helps a lot. Pretty Sure it’s in the Secret level for Chap. 2.
Even with the special item used, it's a bitch. It took me about 32 attempts, over the course of 4 hours. Got to use wind tamer when he forms that wind wall that prevents you from reaching him, thats what made the fight the most difficult in my opinion was not being able to reach him
Got to use wind tamer when he forms that wind wall that prevents you from reaching him, thats what made the fight the most difficult in my opinion was not being able to reach him
I managed to take him down in 2 tries but Yellow Loong took me several hours across 2 days I keep hearing about yellow loong not gona lie a little terrified
I keep hearing about yellow loong not gona lie a little terrified
This fight had me calling upon my ancestors for strength it was the longest fight I had thus far. Even the dragon in the next chapter took me 2 trys
"The zodiac deities never hold back." Still stuck at him, the souls centipede inside me won't let me progress with the story and then come back later. Find the secret item from the boar. I find the wolf transformation pretty useful you can stun him for a good minute.
Find the secret item from the boar. I find the wolf transformation pretty useful you can stun him for a good minute.
haha yeah this guy..........
Way too long. I ended up having to do the quests for the secret boss then ended up beating him after attempt like 20.
Barely made it on my first try….only to find out that the secret items help with the final bosses of each chapter 😳
First try. Deplete his health to 70% and use wind tamer after he use his wind form. When he tries to summon the tornado during the last 15 to 20% of his health, use immobilisation skill, combo and WW skill to stagger and finish him off. Hope this helps anyone who is looking for some advice.
Me, and ch.4 barely let's up. Have fun with 100 eyes 😬 I’m only at the beginning can’t wait!
I’m only at the beginning can’t wait!
This one only took me 3-4 attempts. I just beat Captian Wise- voice and the grey monkey's early morning turd literally made me cry. At one point I was contemplating throwing away my PC and moving to mountains.
I literally found him by accident and realized he was the final boss. But I was too stubborn. He just gets to a point where you can only get two hits in before he starts his next 6 move attack
Got him on attempt #2. The boss I struggled with most was white clad noble lol
I was stuck on him for 2 days.
2nd try
second try
Yep, literally kicked my ass all over the area. Seriously,  f*** that attack. Even after getting the wind tamer and level grinding I just barely beat him. I understand the game so much better now, I can't wait for round 2 in NG+.
Just got to him.
I think 3 or 4 tries, without vessel Ok pick me ah guy
Ok pick me ah guy
I’ll die on this hill. Y’all just suck at these kinds of games 😂
did like 6 tries before giving up for a while and look for the drunk boar to see what he wanted, then found the secret area, got the item for clearing it, and beat the boss on my next try
Took me a hilarious amount of times until I finally upgraded to 3 focus points
Bro, I died at least 25 times on this mf :( But after I beat him, all the other bosses (I'm chapter 4 almost) felt a little bit easier I don't know how... Must be because of the gourd, drinks, and armor upgrades :D I def felt that there some bosses that were a little challenging but this guy took forever lol. Maybe cause he cheats with his wind wall.
I def felt that there some bosses that were a little challenging but this guy took forever lol. Maybe cause he cheats with his wind wall.
Wind tamer, pluck of many, ww spirit and staying close behind/under him as much as I could did it for me
Nope. My wall was Yellow brow and even then the difficulty spike just keeps getting higher with hundred eyes and yellow loong
Roughly 30-40 minutes. They all have patterns, my only problem is not taking my time, sometimes.
loong
It isn't that bad if you unlock the secret area and chapter 2 and get some upgrades
Been on him since like almost two weeks ago. I play for an hour, if I can't beat him I just hop off. It's annoying lol. ( I have other games in rotation, hence the long time.)
I think the most annoying part abt this character is how janky his attacks are meaning i picked up a lot of bad habits in the middle of fighting him thinking he wouldnt hit me at certain intervals cuz he missed when i was just walking earlier. I dont think ive met a boss that misses as much as he does
it was on my 2nd try I refused to believe it was final boss of chapter. Maybe wind tamer helped a lot.
Second try
knowing beforehand about wind tamer from streamers chat helped a lot, I cleared on my first attempt
I reset my stats to beat him .
I got him on my 3rd try I think.
Once I went and got the other staff it was a cake walk
I toyed with him on my first 4 to 5 tries just to learn his attacks, how to dodge them and counter attack (something I recommend) I think it was on the sixth try I beat him but can't remember at what level. He's actually a good guy.
4 or 5 tries
I’m still stuck on the tiger in the pool of blood
I didnt even realize you could make the boss easier until reddit told me after i beat him LOL
Took me an hour
I mean it probably took close to 2 minutes maybe, but that fight wasn’t that long. Maybe I need to time some of them, but this one find seem any longer than most other single phase fights
Not trying to be a dick, it took me 2 tries without the relic. For some reason this guys attacks make sense to me and are pretty easy to dodge. I’m not saying I’m the best at this game, plenty of other bosses had me stuck on them for an hour or so.
Took like 15-20 attempts until i realized i havent done that many stuff in chapters 1 and 2 based on the journal. So i checked a guide, went and completed everything i had left, came back and beat him first try
I hated this guy my first run but first tried him my second run
30 times before getting the secret item and 2 tries after getting it
Yeah I died once after getting him to a piece of health without the stop wind charm. Then beat him with the charm
I stumbled upon him and fought this mf for an hour. I didn't realize he was the chapter 2 boss until the cutscene started lol
New game + makes all of those struggles look like a mirage you thought you were embracing but walked right through
I just beat this MF like 10 mins ago! Never felt better!
Nearly a week horrible. Got the wind tamer and was manageable
I’m still fighting him now, I think I need to go do some Bull mission to get some wind tamer but I have no idea
Thougts so too. Then i met with the real Loong
Just hit lvl 50, met him when I was lvl 40, he’s still kicking my ass even with the wind tamer
He beat me 18 times and I farmed do until I got to lvl 42 and finally beat him last night. Fuck the wind sage haha
I took my time earlier in the game and went through all side quests before him.. I got him second try, rolling on him but I had the wind tamer. The bosses were quite manageable until the chapter 4 peak... Especially if you want as much as collectibles as possible (scorpionlord, loong).. God damn, I had to respec especially for each four fight concluding chapter 4 and chapter 4 secret area and had to try hard and harder... I, afterward, just annihilated chapter 5 and chapter 5 secret area getting almost all the bosses first try... Just got to 6, we'll see the last chapter and then go back to the true ending...
Just beat him last night. I stood up out of my chair and collapsed to my knees in joy. Took me 3 days.
i had way more trouble with the White Clad noble. the snake dude in chapter 1. absolutely fucked up how many times i died to him
4-6 tries max just use wind tamer and the Staff from shigandang and its easy
Two tries
It only took a while for me because I didn't realize I had missed out on like 70% of the map. I just went in beat him nsd THEN I found all the stuff that would've helped on that fight😅 all in all, about 7-9 tries
I tried many times on first day but gave up but on second day i did it on my first try
Did it on my 5th try. Got him to 20% the first time, but he caught me off guard with the giant buddha slam.
Last night and this morning, about 30 times
2 days mate…2 days.
1st try baybeeeeeeee
I beat him without the wind tamer... took me forever. A buddy found it first and it was a cake walk for him.
Was too difficult, then went back to chapter 1 and got the transformation I missed, and it was much easier
Toughest boss for me so far. 20+ attempts I'd guess
I got lucky and beat him on my second try, without the wind vessel thing too. Almost got him the first time but the leaping bug attack surprised me and I panicked.
Yeah specially that black wind he summons part.. i didn't know there was that gadget to stop it lol
This is the boss who gave me the most trouble so far, nearly 6 or 7 attempts before deafeting him. Black loong being a close second.
I literally 1 tapped him and I kinda regret it. I used wind tamer and it stunlocked him long enough for him to die,but hearing all the stories about how difficult he is without it makes me excited to try him on NG+.
I’m convinced that everyone that struggled on this guy rushes through it and didn’t get the wind tamer cause I beat him first try
Didn’t take me long but definitely was a pain to beat 🤦🏽‍♂️
The vessel makes the fight a cakewalk apparently. I will never know because my first encounter with him I didn’t have it
2 attempts cause I got wind tamer’s charm or whatever the name is before attempting him.
I’m fighting him now and he’s a bastard
he took me 2 days on my first play through😂
I kept getting posts saying he was really difficult which made me scared about the fight. But then I beat him on my fifth attempt?? People complained about the tornado but in my case I got super lucky and it actually helped me dodge a lot of attacks that would have otherwise killed me
用户已删除评论
The hardest for me was the White Noble Clad. Took me 30+ tries 😂
First try, he felt like one of the easier bosses in the area but maybe I somehow made him easier? The game has so many secrets and shit I don't know. When I fought him he was very very easy to stagger I could chain about 3 stagger + whail on him before he could get a move off so it ended really fast. The only boss I found easier than him was probably the pig, the 4 different  rock bosses and the beetle.
3days so many tries 😭😭
4 hours, didn't even have the stupid relic because I couldn't find it lmao
First thing, good pun. Second thing, took me 15 to 20 attempts maybe. Until I figured out how to use the Wind Tamer, this was a lost cause for me. Needed to save it until the end given that stupid tornado he starts sending at you
Saved him til last and finally whooped his ass
Tiger vanguard was the hardest so far after knowing how to play well enough. He was a pain and i was lucky and had to level up alot. Wandering wight i couldnt beat early on and he disappeared on me when i beat the golden head giant man baby lol. I could whoop wandering wight now,  but he is gone i guess for good. The kang lin loong dragon (white electric one) was tough but he toom me maybe 10 attempts. Almost killed him the first attempt, but he was kinda tough. I just beat him today. So this next section looks tough lol
I actually beat him in 7 runs. After I kept losing I just left and did a side quest which gives you the wind tamer item. It’s basically a counter to his winds.
First try when I was blackout drunk. I barely remember it
版主已移除评论
Oh he might be me
One of the hardests for me.
Same longest so far I'd say 7-8 times or more easily but I did it yesterday! The dragon in chapter 3 took me 1 try I don't even understand how I did it.
I literally beat him on first try with perfect dodges.
Took me a while but is easy one of my favorite bosses in the game
I am a still figuring wind sage. I got to him like one little sliver of health and died.  Very very frustrating. It’s been several days now. I bought a 30 ft USB’s to my ps5 to see if it improves the lag on the controller, as it seems this is a big issue
😂😂😂😂 same
It took me and my friend literally 5 hours to beat
He's the dancer if the boreal valley pretend your fighting her it'll go easier
He's super easy with the wind chimes.
Until I realized the gimmic item you needed after I killed him. It took me a couple of hours
I bought the game last monday and I can't get pass this guy
Luckily I mana glitched him before they patched it.
First play through he beat me a bunch of time, 2nd play through he only hit me once, and 3rd one he was still easy. Enemies get stronger with each time you beat the game. Meanwhile staff attack isn’t going up, which makes it harder
Tiger vanguard and yellow wind sage, help me in practicing and mastering combo attacks specially smash and thrust stances. If you can get what I'm saying like hitting heavy after light and that red outline appears, that's the only thing we need to master here, else everything is easy.
He hid in the tornado where I couldn't attack or see him for a while. As soon as I drew him back out, I pwned him.
That guy was easy. But it took me a week to get past the very first, optional, boss. So I feel yah.
It's a stupidly easy fight, if you use all 3 focus points on the jump attack, he's basically unable to do anything.
One of the major skill checks for me
beat him in first try... in NG+. In first playtrough it took 2-3 hours.
Way too long when I first found him…then maybe 3 attempts after I found the secret beetle boss fight and got that wind chime thing
all these people saying “yea I beat him on my first try”— I don’t believe you! Not a one of you!
Flukes my way to Beat this guy second try but black Loong took me sooo many tries
2 tries mana glitch
Him and the tiger my 2 nightmares
I first clear’d
Once I got the Wind Tamer charm he went down extremely easy. But before that he beat my ass like 10 times over
That dirty rat fink!!!
I started yesterday the game. Currently stuck here. I’m exploring a bit more to level up or get new gear before attempting again.
I like to explore everything before moving on so I ended up getting the wind tamer well before I ran into him which made it a really easy fight
with wind tamer not so hard
yeah i first tried all the tiger bosses. im on my 8ht with this guy
Very long
A few tries until I found his weakness. It certainly rung his BELL! On NG+ he died on the first try, I Crit’d him to death like he served
If you get the secret vessel then he is easy
I haven’t played the game in a week bc of that guy
Me, he was my hardest boss. lol special mention to chapter 4 boss for being a pain in my ass. I'm really tired of these bosses being given free hits it's not hard it's just stupidly gimmicky. Also the chapter 4 boss and a very poorly made hitbox.
He kicked my ass until I did the Boar questline.  Then I one shot him.
I beat it second try. I'm chapter 3 and the stronger for me was the tiger
Took me like 12 tries. Probably would've been less tries if monkey drank the damn potion when I press button.
Thank goodness he was easy to defeat in New Game +
I beat him before I beat the beetle thing
I was too stubborn to use the thing for the thing. So it took me too long as well
First try, not sure how but I finished all secret bosses and secret location. Probably got lots of exp from them
