================================================================================  评论列表:
Maybe because they sold almost 30 million copies since release and the majority of player already finish the game at least one time... It's done... Finished... Terminado... Money well spent for sure. It was like dinner at a gourmet restaurant track me Steam BMW data As of now, 43.4% of players have cleared the game, and 10.9% of players have obtained all achievements, amazing. The other percentage is stuck in padoga prison. Steam achievements seems to show that a big gate keeper is white clad noble lul... Which is to be expected since you have very little options available to you at the start of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. Just like most souls game, I remember the first time I played DS3. Is the second Gate keeper Tiger Vanguard? Cuz i was contemplating my skills at that point You can do stone vanguard first, once you reach a certain point after that, you get pluck of many which will help you cheese his fight Surprisingly I didn’t have much trouble with White clad. I am currently stuck at the tiger.  I did get the pluck of many today so I’m going to attempt the tiger when I I get a block of time to play. that wooden bridge will forever haunt me i’m stuck against red boy in chapter 5 😂💩 Wait till you defeat him. Fun awaits. Can you explain to me why people keep saying stuff about the padoga prison like it’s difficult? It has two gaps with snipers that you can use the cloud step to get by, the lesser health while fighting the weird dudes wasn’t very hard because immobilize will keep them still for most of their hp, and it was one boss really (other than the hidden one). Am I missing something? I think it's a joke.  Yes it is annoying, but it is not a game stopper.  If anything, people just rush to get out of that area (and missed the Auspicious Lantern curio). I missed the curio :(  it sucked because they can disappear and reappear normally but I killed like all but one and he did that and I thought he died. So I left haha Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9 You don’t know me! It's also not an easy game too New game play is really hard. Especially come back to play new game after NG++. Unbelieve myself has already beat it. 43.4% is actually not bad at all, although it looks like less than a half. For comparison, my other favourite game for this year, Helldivers 2 only has 52% players played more than 50 missions. 50 missions is nothing especially for new players playing on lower difficulties. Correct me if I’m wrong, it probably takes 20-30 hours? It’s always bizarre to see the number of people who quit on the games they purchased. Some pretty good games can have some of their important storylines sitting at roughly 40% completion rate, and these games can have 0 difficulty in those parts. Most if not all single player games have a completion rate of 20-40% it’s completely normal Considering now hard it is I’m surprised it’s so high. Steam players are a pretty specific, dedicated subset of gamers.   It’s been out a good long time now. 43.4% of PS5 players?   43.5% of average PC players?   Even 43.5% says over half the Steam players never finished yet. I hope they do well $$$ going forward but I’ve got my doubts… To understand these achievements stats correctly, you need compare it with other games. As of right now, among BMW, Elden Ring and Sekiro, BMW has the highest percentage of players finishing the game while also being the most recent, and with 43.5% finish rate, that's more than 8 million players that have finished the game, more than 3 times the players that finished Sekiro and almost double of those that finished Elden Ring. That's more people than half of the world's countries, comparable to the entirety of Switzerland or Austria, or Belarus, or Hungary, while being a larger population than Serbia, or Denmark, or Finland or Norway or Ireland. There's zero sense in any doubts. Well, I don’t entirely agree but yours is a polite, well reasoned response, have a good day! For comparison, my all-time favourite Red Dead 2, 43% players completed chapter 2. Only 21% completed the epilogue. 43% completion rate is a very good number. So it clearly isn’t because they finished the game if just over half the % of players it’s lost haven’t even finished the game. I like the game but there’s way to many gimmick bosses, idiotic grab moves that’ll pull you into them even if you’ve already dodged behind the boss and cheap tricks 43% is an insanely high number for such a big game. For instance, the % of players who finished Horizon Zero Dawn is only 29%. The majority of players don’t finish games. Personally Horizon zero dawn is not nearly full of interesting characters or stories, I’m on my third attempt to finish the game i think last time i stopped at the invasion of the karja or whatever should be the final or near final event. I enjoyed upgrading my stuff, and the combat isn’t fun. I like the see through and the step back thing in thrust stance, I wish they had something similar in hzd. The combat in spiderman series is much more interesting and enjoyable. Also god of war is decent too. ~15 million people completing a game is significantly more than most games even sell let alone player engagement, also 3 million players getting all achievements is a massive amount of people Dude. 43% is extremely high result. Espeshially considering total players count. Are you aware people buy games and leave it on the backlog?? Are you telling me the 57% also started playing the game?? Evidently we see new people starting to play this game and posting questions here.  While I am like on my NG9.  No shame though.  It is a single player game.  We play at our own pace. This is an ignorant take. Most great games have even less percentage of players finishing when they reach the state of "people finished the game" and therefore the number of players online greatly reduced, and if we linearly interpolate between players who bought the game and players that finished for all the great games, I'm pretty sure BMW will come out above the line from the statistics I saw of other games if I remembered correctly. There are always a lot of people that wouldn't finish a game, regardless whether they loved it or not, and that percentage is around 50%~80% with some fluctuations for almost all games with no correlation with game quality. Statistics are not to be taken at face value, always. Yup and when DLC comes out will probably have an uptick in sales plus people buying the DLC. Lmao loved your comment !!! I never thought about it that way. Yep took me a few weeks. Just finished it up. Great game. On to new Zelda. God of War series? Beat it, moved on. Horizon series? Beat it, moved on. Spider-Man 2, beat it moved on. Hogwarts? Beat it, moved on. There is a new Zelda? Yeah, echoes of wisdom. Just started last night, design is like the SNES one, A link to the past, overhead view Only difference is BMW can be enjoyed for weeks while a gourmet dinner can only be enjoyed one evening.
Steam BMW data As of now, 43.4% of players have cleared the game, and 10.9% of players have obtained all achievements, amazing. The other percentage is stuck in padoga prison. Steam achievements seems to show that a big gate keeper is white clad noble lul... Which is to be expected since you have very little options available to you at the start of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. Just like most souls game, I remember the first time I played DS3. Is the second Gate keeper Tiger Vanguard? Cuz i was contemplating my skills at that point You can do stone vanguard first, once you reach a certain point after that, you get pluck of many which will help you cheese his fight Surprisingly I didn’t have much trouble with White clad. I am currently stuck at the tiger.  I did get the pluck of many today so I’m going to attempt the tiger when I I get a block of time to play. that wooden bridge will forever haunt me i’m stuck against red boy in chapter 5 😂💩 Wait till you defeat him. Fun awaits. Can you explain to me why people keep saying stuff about the padoga prison like it’s difficult? It has two gaps with snipers that you can use the cloud step to get by, the lesser health while fighting the weird dudes wasn’t very hard because immobilize will keep them still for most of their hp, and it was one boss really (other than the hidden one). Am I missing something? I think it's a joke.  Yes it is annoying, but it is not a game stopper.  If anything, people just rush to get out of that area (and missed the Auspicious Lantern curio). I missed the curio :(  it sucked because they can disappear and reappear normally but I killed like all but one and he did that and I thought he died. So I left haha Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9 You don’t know me! It's also not an easy game too New game play is really hard. Especially come back to play new game after NG++. Unbelieve myself has already beat it. 43.4% is actually not bad at all, although it looks like less than a half. For comparison, my other favourite game for this year, Helldivers 2 only has 52% players played more than 50 missions. 50 missions is nothing especially for new players playing on lower difficulties. Correct me if I’m wrong, it probably takes 20-30 hours? It’s always bizarre to see the number of people who quit on the games they purchased. Some pretty good games can have some of their important storylines sitting at roughly 40% completion rate, and these games can have 0 difficulty in those parts. Most if not all single player games have a completion rate of 20-40% it’s completely normal Considering now hard it is I’m surprised it’s so high. Steam players are a pretty specific, dedicated subset of gamers.   It’s been out a good long time now. 43.4% of PS5 players?   43.5% of average PC players?   Even 43.5% says over half the Steam players never finished yet. I hope they do well $$$ going forward but I’ve got my doubts… To understand these achievements stats correctly, you need compare it with other games. As of right now, among BMW, Elden Ring and Sekiro, BMW has the highest percentage of players finishing the game while also being the most recent, and with 43.5% finish rate, that's more than 8 million players that have finished the game, more than 3 times the players that finished Sekiro and almost double of those that finished Elden Ring. That's more people than half of the world's countries, comparable to the entirety of Switzerland or Austria, or Belarus, or Hungary, while being a larger population than Serbia, or Denmark, or Finland or Norway or Ireland. There's zero sense in any doubts. Well, I don’t entirely agree but yours is a polite, well reasoned response, have a good day! For comparison, my all-time favourite Red Dead 2, 43% players completed chapter 2. Only 21% completed the epilogue. 43% completion rate is a very good number. So it clearly isn’t because they finished the game if just over half the % of players it’s lost haven’t even finished the game. I like the game but there’s way to many gimmick bosses, idiotic grab moves that’ll pull you into them even if you’ve already dodged behind the boss and cheap tricks 43% is an insanely high number for such a big game. For instance, the % of players who finished Horizon Zero Dawn is only 29%. The majority of players don’t finish games. Personally Horizon zero dawn is not nearly full of interesting characters or stories, I’m on my third attempt to finish the game i think last time i stopped at the invasion of the karja or whatever should be the final or near final event. I enjoyed upgrading my stuff, and the combat isn’t fun. I like the see through and the step back thing in thrust stance, I wish they had something similar in hzd. The combat in spiderman series is much more interesting and enjoyable. Also god of war is decent too. ~15 million people completing a game is significantly more than most games even sell let alone player engagement, also 3 million players getting all achievements is a massive amount of people Dude. 43% is extremely high result. Espeshially considering total players count. Are you aware people buy games and leave it on the backlog?? Are you telling me the 57% also started playing the game?? Evidently we see new people starting to play this game and posting questions here.  While I am like on my NG9.  No shame though.  It is a single player game.  We play at our own pace. This is an ignorant take. Most great games have even less percentage of players finishing when they reach the state of "people finished the game" and therefore the number of players online greatly reduced, and if we linearly interpolate between players who bought the game and players that finished for all the great games, I'm pretty sure BMW will come out above the line from the statistics I saw of other games if I remembered correctly. There are always a lot of people that wouldn't finish a game, regardless whether they loved it or not, and that percentage is around 50%~80% with some fluctuations for almost all games with no correlation with game quality. Statistics are not to be taken at face value, always.
The other percentage is stuck in padoga prison. Steam achievements seems to show that a big gate keeper is white clad noble lul... Which is to be expected since you have very little options available to you at the start of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. Just like most souls game, I remember the first time I played DS3. Is the second Gate keeper Tiger Vanguard? Cuz i was contemplating my skills at that point You can do stone vanguard first, once you reach a certain point after that, you get pluck of many which will help you cheese his fight Surprisingly I didn’t have much trouble with White clad. I am currently stuck at the tiger.  I did get the pluck of many today so I’m going to attempt the tiger when I I get a block of time to play. that wooden bridge will forever haunt me i’m stuck against red boy in chapter 5 😂💩 Wait till you defeat him. Fun awaits. Can you explain to me why people keep saying stuff about the padoga prison like it’s difficult? It has two gaps with snipers that you can use the cloud step to get by, the lesser health while fighting the weird dudes wasn’t very hard because immobilize will keep them still for most of their hp, and it was one boss really (other than the hidden one). Am I missing something? I think it's a joke.  Yes it is annoying, but it is not a game stopper.  If anything, people just rush to get out of that area (and missed the Auspicious Lantern curio). I missed the curio :(  it sucked because they can disappear and reappear normally but I killed like all but one and he did that and I thought he died. So I left haha Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9 You don’t know me!
Steam achievements seems to show that a big gate keeper is white clad noble lul... Which is to be expected since you have very little options available to you at the start of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. Just like most souls game, I remember the first time I played DS3. Is the second Gate keeper Tiger Vanguard? Cuz i was contemplating my skills at that point You can do stone vanguard first, once you reach a certain point after that, you get pluck of many which will help you cheese his fight Surprisingly I didn’t have much trouble with White clad. I am currently stuck at the tiger.  I did get the pluck of many today so I’m going to attempt the tiger when I I get a block of time to play.
It literally forces you to get good before letting experience the rest of the game. Just like most souls game, I remember the first time I played DS3.
Is the second Gate keeper Tiger Vanguard? Cuz i was contemplating my skills at that point You can do stone vanguard first, once you reach a certain point after that, you get pluck of many which will help you cheese his fight Surprisingly I didn’t have much trouble with White clad. I am currently stuck at the tiger.  I did get the pluck of many today so I’m going to attempt the tiger when I I get a block of time to play.
You can do stone vanguard first, once you reach a certain point after that, you get pluck of many which will help you cheese his fight
Surprisingly I didn’t have much trouble with White clad. I am currently stuck at the tiger.  I did get the pluck of many today so I’m going to attempt the tiger when I I get a block of time to play.
that wooden bridge will forever haunt me
i’m stuck against red boy in chapter 5 😂💩 Wait till you defeat him. Fun awaits.
Wait till you defeat him. Fun awaits.
Can you explain to me why people keep saying stuff about the padoga prison like it’s difficult? It has two gaps with snipers that you can use the cloud step to get by, the lesser health while fighting the weird dudes wasn’t very hard because immobilize will keep them still for most of their hp, and it was one boss really (other than the hidden one). Am I missing something? I think it's a joke.  Yes it is annoying, but it is not a game stopper.  If anything, people just rush to get out of that area (and missed the Auspicious Lantern curio). I missed the curio :(  it sucked because they can disappear and reappear normally but I killed like all but one and he did that and I thought he died. So I left haha Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9
I think it's a joke.  Yes it is annoying, but it is not a game stopper.  If anything, people just rush to get out of that area (and missed the Auspicious Lantern curio). I missed the curio :(  it sucked because they can disappear and reappear normally but I killed like all but one and he did that and I thought he died. So I left haha Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9
I missed the curio :(  it sucked because they can disappear and reappear normally but I killed like all but one and he did that and I thought he died. So I left haha Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9
Granted it is hard to understand how to beat them.  I first thought they respawned and I had to kill them in a specific order.  But no, there are 9 of them.  You just need to kill them all, no matter the order.  The biggest problem is finding them.  They only appear half the time.  Therefore it is best to read a guide and note down which one you have killed so you don't waste time finding them again. No worry, NG+ you can visit them again. Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9
Yeah I’m aiming for them in NG+ once I get there
Damn, I’m on ng++ ch 4 and just found out about it. Maybe I’ve got it already but I felt like I got all the lantern guys but I know it was nowhere near 9
You don’t know me!
It's also not an easy game too New game play is really hard. Especially come back to play new game after NG++. Unbelieve myself has already beat it.
New game play is really hard. Especially come back to play new game after NG++. Unbelieve myself has already beat it.
43.4% is actually not bad at all, although it looks like less than a half. For comparison, my other favourite game for this year, Helldivers 2 only has 52% players played more than 50 missions. 50 missions is nothing especially for new players playing on lower difficulties. Correct me if I’m wrong, it probably takes 20-30 hours? It’s always bizarre to see the number of people who quit on the games they purchased. Some pretty good games can have some of their important storylines sitting at roughly 40% completion rate, and these games can have 0 difficulty in those parts. Most if not all single player games have a completion rate of 20-40% it’s completely normal Considering now hard it is I’m surprised it’s so high.
Most if not all single player games have a completion rate of 20-40% it’s completely normal Considering now hard it is I’m surprised it’s so high.
Steam players are a pretty specific, dedicated subset of gamers.   It’s been out a good long time now. 43.4% of PS5 players?   43.5% of average PC players?   Even 43.5% says over half the Steam players never finished yet. I hope they do well $$$ going forward but I’ve got my doubts… To understand these achievements stats correctly, you need compare it with other games. As of right now, among BMW, Elden Ring and Sekiro, BMW has the highest percentage of players finishing the game while also being the most recent, and with 43.5% finish rate, that's more than 8 million players that have finished the game, more than 3 times the players that finished Sekiro and almost double of those that finished Elden Ring. That's more people than half of the world's countries, comparable to the entirety of Switzerland or Austria, or Belarus, or Hungary, while being a larger population than Serbia, or Denmark, or Finland or Norway or Ireland. There's zero sense in any doubts. Well, I don’t entirely agree but yours is a polite, well reasoned response, have a good day! For comparison, my all-time favourite Red Dead 2, 43% players completed chapter 2. Only 21% completed the epilogue. 43% completion rate is a very good number.
To understand these achievements stats correctly, you need compare it with other games. As of right now, among BMW, Elden Ring and Sekiro, BMW has the highest percentage of players finishing the game while also being the most recent, and with 43.5% finish rate, that's more than 8 million players that have finished the game, more than 3 times the players that finished Sekiro and almost double of those that finished Elden Ring. That's more people than half of the world's countries, comparable to the entirety of Switzerland or Austria, or Belarus, or Hungary, while being a larger population than Serbia, or Denmark, or Finland or Norway or Ireland. There's zero sense in any doubts. Well, I don’t entirely agree but yours is a polite, well reasoned response, have a good day!
Well, I don’t entirely agree but yours is a polite, well reasoned response, have a good day!
For comparison, my all-time favourite Red Dead 2, 43% players completed chapter 2. Only 21% completed the epilogue. 43% completion rate is a very good number.
So it clearly isn’t because they finished the game if just over half the % of players it’s lost haven’t even finished the game. I like the game but there’s way to many gimmick bosses, idiotic grab moves that’ll pull you into them even if you’ve already dodged behind the boss and cheap tricks 43% is an insanely high number for such a big game. For instance, the % of players who finished Horizon Zero Dawn is only 29%. The majority of players don’t finish games. Personally Horizon zero dawn is not nearly full of interesting characters or stories, I’m on my third attempt to finish the game i think last time i stopped at the invasion of the karja or whatever should be the final or near final event. I enjoyed upgrading my stuff, and the combat isn’t fun. I like the see through and the step back thing in thrust stance, I wish they had something similar in hzd. The combat in spiderman series is much more interesting and enjoyable. Also god of war is decent too. ~15 million people completing a game is significantly more than most games even sell let alone player engagement, also 3 million players getting all achievements is a massive amount of people Dude. 43% is extremely high result. Espeshially considering total players count. Are you aware people buy games and leave it on the backlog?? Are you telling me the 57% also started playing the game?? Evidently we see new people starting to play this game and posting questions here.  While I am like on my NG9.  No shame though.  It is a single player game.  We play at our own pace. This is an ignorant take. Most great games have even less percentage of players finishing when they reach the state of "people finished the game" and therefore the number of players online greatly reduced, and if we linearly interpolate between players who bought the game and players that finished for all the great games, I'm pretty sure BMW will come out above the line from the statistics I saw of other games if I remembered correctly. There are always a lot of people that wouldn't finish a game, regardless whether they loved it or not, and that percentage is around 50%~80% with some fluctuations for almost all games with no correlation with game quality. Statistics are not to be taken at face value, always.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Juub1990 点赞: 37 时间: 2024-10-23T19:31:49.160000+0000 内容: 43% is an insanely high number for such a big game. For instance, the % of players who finished Horizon Zero Dawn is only 29%. The majority of players don’t finish games. Personally Horizon zero dawn is not nearly full of interesting characters or stories, I’m on my third attempt to finish the game i think last time i stopped at the invasion of the karja or whatever should be the final or near final event. I enjoyed upgrading my stuff, and the combat isn’t fun. I like the see through and the step back thing in thrust stance, I wish they had something similar in hzd. The combat in spiderman series is much more interesting and enjoyable. Also god of war is decent too.
Personally Horizon zero dawn is not nearly full of interesting characters or stories, I’m on my third attempt to finish the game i think last time i stopped at the invasion of the karja or whatever should be the final or near final event. I enjoyed upgrading my stuff, and the combat isn’t fun. I like the see through and the step back thing in thrust stance, I wish they had something similar in hzd. The combat in spiderman series is much more interesting and enjoyable. Also god of war is decent too.
~15 million people completing a game is significantly more than most games even sell let alone player engagement, also 3 million players getting all achievements is a massive amount of people
Dude. 43% is extremely high result. Espeshially considering total players count.
Are you aware people buy games and leave it on the backlog?? Are you telling me the 57% also started playing the game?? Evidently we see new people starting to play this game and posting questions here.  While I am like on my NG9.  No shame though.  It is a single player game.  We play at our own pace.
Evidently we see new people starting to play this game and posting questions here.  While I am like on my NG9.  No shame though.  It is a single player game.  We play at our own pace.
This is an ignorant take. Most great games have even less percentage of players finishing when they reach the state of "people finished the game" and therefore the number of players online greatly reduced, and if we linearly interpolate between players who bought the game and players that finished for all the great games, I'm pretty sure BMW will come out above the line from the statistics I saw of other games if I remembered correctly. There are always a lot of people that wouldn't finish a game, regardless whether they loved it or not, and that percentage is around 50%~80% with some fluctuations for almost all games with no correlation with game quality. Statistics are not to be taken at face value, always.
Yup and when DLC comes out will probably have an uptick in sales plus people buying the DLC.
Lmao loved your comment !!! I never thought about it that way.
Yep took me a few weeks. Just finished it up. Great game. On to new Zelda. God of War series? Beat it, moved on. Horizon series? Beat it, moved on. Spider-Man 2, beat it moved on. Hogwarts? Beat it, moved on. There is a new Zelda? Yeah, echoes of wisdom. Just started last night, design is like the SNES one, A link to the past, overhead view
There is a new Zelda? Yeah, echoes of wisdom. Just started last night, design is like the SNES one, A link to the past, overhead view
Yeah, echoes of wisdom. Just started last night, design is like the SNES one, A link to the past, overhead view
Only difference is BMW can be enjoyed for weeks while a gourmet dinner can only be enjoyed one evening.
These people  are as smart as a box of rocks they beat the game most likely  1 or more times  calm down that 80% will be bk when DLC drops Oh yes, for sure, I'm begining to play NG+, and love it that I'm having some sort of revenge with the bosses that made my life hard for some hours each, and now I can beat them in the first try, I'm invincible!!!! Going through ng+ and up to chapter 5 so far with spell-binder on all the way. So satisfying mostly no-death whacking them bosses again. “80% will be back” After showing a 43.4% completion rate a couple months after a mob of people bought it when it was released, what makes you think 80% will buy the DLC of a game they didn’t/couldn’t finish? 🤓☝️ On steam only 43% have finished the game, therefore it very clearly isn’t because they finished it so “these people” are not the ones as smart as a box of rocks. I mean, you could have checked before confidently being wrong The game is on more than just steam for them to come up with 80% drop
Oh yes, for sure, I'm begining to play NG+, and love it that I'm having some sort of revenge with the bosses that made my life hard for some hours each, and now I can beat them in the first try, I'm invincible!!!! Going through ng+ and up to chapter 5 so far with spell-binder on all the way. So satisfying mostly no-death whacking them bosses again.
Going through ng+ and up to chapter 5 so far with spell-binder on all the way. So satisfying mostly no-death whacking them bosses again.
“80% will be back” After showing a 43.4% completion rate a couple months after a mob of people bought it when it was released, what makes you think 80% will buy the DLC of a game they didn’t/couldn’t finish? 🤓☝️
🤓☝️
On steam only 43% have finished the game, therefore it very clearly isn’t because they finished it so “these people” are not the ones as smart as a box of rocks. I mean, you could have checked before confidently being wrong The game is on more than just steam for them to come up with 80% drop
The game is on more than just steam for them to come up with 80% drop
Best 60 usd I have spent this year, hope they release the sequel soon to buy it. The DLC is supposed to drop around February. It's said to have 7 more chapters. Only time will tell A new article said the developers will have to take longer than 2 years, and can't release it by February. It did take them 2 yrs just to make the Chapter 2 cutscene. EDIT: Can't find the article but looks like next dlc remains at February. I wanna cry now. I was taking my time with it so that I can jump straight into the dlc after I beat NG+4. I guess now I'll just speed run it and be patient Well i just tried finding any inkling on what you said but everything i find still points to early 2025 Sorry I wish I could find that article for you. But I checked again and seems like it will remain at February. I doubt it.  I mean, there is a dedicated team to do cutscenes only.  Everyone else is working on their parts.  So the cutscenes shouldn't jeopardize the rest of the progress. Edited my comment, thanks for the correction. Didn't the CEO say to keep expectations in check? They said they are only willing to release it when ready. They might drop hints to the DLC by Chinese New Year's but not release the DLC That's possible but i hope for the contrary and we do get the dlc I think they are going to drop it right at Lunar New Year. It's the best time for Chinese gamers. I hope so 🤞🏽 Yep.  People are in a good mood and so willing to spend.
The DLC is supposed to drop around February. It's said to have 7 more chapters. Only time will tell A new article said the developers will have to take longer than 2 years, and can't release it by February. It did take them 2 yrs just to make the Chapter 2 cutscene. EDIT: Can't find the article but looks like next dlc remains at February. I wanna cry now. I was taking my time with it so that I can jump straight into the dlc after I beat NG+4. I guess now I'll just speed run it and be patient Well i just tried finding any inkling on what you said but everything i find still points to early 2025 Sorry I wish I could find that article for you. But I checked again and seems like it will remain at February. I doubt it.  I mean, there is a dedicated team to do cutscenes only.  Everyone else is working on their parts.  So the cutscenes shouldn't jeopardize the rest of the progress. Edited my comment, thanks for the correction. Didn't the CEO say to keep expectations in check? They said they are only willing to release it when ready. They might drop hints to the DLC by Chinese New Year's but not release the DLC That's possible but i hope for the contrary and we do get the dlc I think they are going to drop it right at Lunar New Year. It's the best time for Chinese gamers. I hope so 🤞🏽 Yep.  People are in a good mood and so willing to spend.
A new article said the developers will have to take longer than 2 years, and can't release it by February. It did take them 2 yrs just to make the Chapter 2 cutscene. EDIT: Can't find the article but looks like next dlc remains at February. I wanna cry now. I was taking my time with it so that I can jump straight into the dlc after I beat NG+4. I guess now I'll just speed run it and be patient Well i just tried finding any inkling on what you said but everything i find still points to early 2025 Sorry I wish I could find that article for you. But I checked again and seems like it will remain at February. I doubt it.  I mean, there is a dedicated team to do cutscenes only.  Everyone else is working on their parts.  So the cutscenes shouldn't jeopardize the rest of the progress. Edited my comment, thanks for the correction.
I wanna cry now. I was taking my time with it so that I can jump straight into the dlc after I beat NG+4. I guess now I'll just speed run it and be patient
Well i just tried finding any inkling on what you said but everything i find still points to early 2025 Sorry I wish I could find that article for you. But I checked again and seems like it will remain at February.
Sorry I wish I could find that article for you. But I checked again and seems like it will remain at February.
I doubt it.  I mean, there is a dedicated team to do cutscenes only.  Everyone else is working on their parts.  So the cutscenes shouldn't jeopardize the rest of the progress. Edited my comment, thanks for the correction.
Edited my comment, thanks for the correction.
Didn't the CEO say to keep expectations in check? They said they are only willing to release it when ready. They might drop hints to the DLC by Chinese New Year's but not release the DLC That's possible but i hope for the contrary and we do get the dlc
That's possible but i hope for the contrary and we do get the dlc
I think they are going to drop it right at Lunar New Year. It's the best time for Chinese gamers. I hope so 🤞🏽 Yep.  People are in a good mood and so willing to spend.
I hope so 🤞🏽
Yep.  People are in a good mood and so willing to spend.
🤣🤣🤣
Never seen gaming journals try so hard to convince you a game is failing.
clickbaiting at its finest, i'm pretty sure the same happened to literally every huge single-player release ever lol
Wasn't this from release day when the majority of people went to sleep?
Lmao, i even uninstalled the game because i didnt like it? NO...BC ITS DONE, COMPLETE..ADIOS...AU REVOIR , amazing game There will be two DLC’s adding additional chapters, so not done just yet. ik, then i'll gladly reinstall the game hahaha the journey goes on Make sure you backup your saves.
There will be two DLC’s adding additional chapters, so not done just yet. ik, then i'll gladly reinstall the game hahaha the journey goes on Make sure you backup your saves.
ik, then i'll gladly reinstall the game hahaha the journey goes on Make sure you backup your saves.
Make sure you backup your saves.
It's a one and done with replayability. I beat it once already and when I have time I'm going for the rest of the relics but I'm in no particular rush. No rush at all, take your time. I am on NG9 trying my darnest to beat "an easy boss".
No rush at all, take your time. I am on NG9 trying my darnest to beat "an easy boss".
😂
Enjoy! I'm having a blast in NG+, what a cool game
Not a pro souls player but I was able to grind and beat NG. One round stone monkey and GSBS with pills. Looking forward to NG+ for the platinum It will be piece of cake!  People aren't BSing you when they said it.  The first NG+ is so casual and laid back like you are a tourist. Enjoy your reward!
It will be piece of cake!  People aren't BSing you when they said it.  The first NG+ is so casual and laid back like you are a tourist. Enjoy your reward!
I’ll be honest, I’m 30 and just flat out busy. But I have same late nights where I played the shit out of it when it first came out.
IGN and really any gaming critics should not be taken seriously. They're either really dumb in the head or just very manipulative. You can't even take Watchmojo seriously and they're not even a gaming channel.
They still got $60 out of me, and an almost guaranteed purchase of DLC, so what's the problem?
Or struck forever in some bosses
I haven’t quite finished yet. Deep into chap 3. The Finals has grabbed my attention again, so I’ve been playing that.
It's so nice to be able to play a game and finish it and it not go on forever.
Yeah I stopped playing it pretty much completely but once the dlc comes I'm buying it the day it comes out
As a Chinese , I have to say I LOVE this game so much . I already play it for 130+h ,and I will keep playing for a long long time . I used to move like shadow, kill enemies in Sekiro ; I used to ride the horse , chase the sundown in RDR2 ; I used to carry my heavy machine gun, to any place I want in GTA . For now , I just wanna be the Great Sage. But as a matter of fact , I not want to be him ,he is unique , and I just want to bring him back . Only 130+ hours?  Weak sauce.  I got over 300 hours.  :) Only play 1 or 2 H before sleep .I have some BOSS to suffer in my real life . orz
Only 130+ hours?  Weak sauce.  I got over 300 hours.  :) Only play 1 or 2 H before sleep .I have some BOSS to suffer in my real life . orz
Only play 1 or 2 H before sleep .I have some BOSS to suffer in my real life . orz
Yeah, I'm part of the 80% because... I finished it. What the fuck is wrong with these guys?
I write a script and I'm more curious about what he wrote on "we know why" 😅
It ain't like it's a multiplayer game lol. I may do two playthroughs and then wait for DLC. Nothing wrong w/ that.
Mffers think all games are a live service now
NG+5 and still having fun (stuck at the broken shell...)
ബബ്ബ, ,,,,,,, ഞാൻ എന്റെ,,, ജീവിതത്തിൽ
I have a sneaking hunch they’re going to be VERY disappointed in the sales of the next DLC.    A ton of people bought the game and a goodly portion of them gave up on it fairly quickly.  They won’t be back. This Reddit is for fairly serious gamers, w/no difficulty settings regular/casual gamers aren’t going to like buying  a game they can’t handle and can’t progress in.   And its intentional opacity will drive off even more casuals. Their game, their money but some of their choices seem not so savvy. Have you not paid attention to Elden Ring and its DLC? Are the numbers as high? No. Did it still sell pretty gangbusters? Yes. Same type of difficulty, actually more difficult. There is no reason the dlc would fail to meet their expectations, especially with the numbers they got out of China.
Have you not paid attention to Elden Ring and its DLC? Are the numbers as high? No. Did it still sell pretty gangbusters? Yes. Same type of difficulty, actually more difficult. There is no reason the dlc would fail to meet their expectations, especially with the numbers they got out of China.
can they refund
In a world of unfinished F2P games they can’t understand a finished product
Yeah, I think they lost a bunch of players and alienated them, they likely won’t line up for a DLC they can’t beat, or even progress in either….
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Strict-Pain-501 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Strict-Pain-501 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/JOVANRAMBOGOIRN , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/JOVANRAMBOGOIRN , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Wut?
I can’t beat the sand storm guy so I’m still playing lolz You need the wind tamer(for when he tries to stir up the wind). Also my advice is to STAY near his feet and dodge around to side/back of him. His big attack area is out in front of him. And yes, he will try to get away from you so you are out in front, DON'T let him. Run to him. Stay on him. Obviously you will have to dodge his stomps and fork sweeps but out in front he starts to continuously spam you with fork attacks which get hard to dodge. When you immobilize try to maximize your damage by hitting him a few times but not finisher, then hit him with big head, then hit him some more. He should be staggered/on the ground. My point is don't immobilize and straight him with big head or only one light combo. You can get in the first few hits before the finisher and swap finisher for big head. Then when he is staggered/on ground get out full light combo. When he starts trying to stir up the wind, hit him with the wind tamer. And go beat on him some more. Again, stay at his feet. Also just FYI, you CAN just run/dodge through middle of his legs. Which puts you behind his attack. Each boss is different. Some you need to fight up close and personal with their feet. Others, you need to go in for light attacks and run for safety. Such as white clad(snake dude in chapter 1). He has a leaping/flying stabbing move that he likes to do. Once you learn to dodge that,(only dodge once so you stay close and then immediately attack him with a few hits(not full combo) and back off. This boss your optimum position is close to his feet. Dodge then get some hits in, watching for his attacks. Repeat.
You need the wind tamer(for when he tries to stir up the wind). Also my advice is to STAY near his feet and dodge around to side/back of him. His big attack area is out in front of him. And yes, he will try to get away from you so you are out in front, DON'T let him. Run to him. Stay on him. Obviously you will have to dodge his stomps and fork sweeps but out in front he starts to continuously spam you with fork attacks which get hard to dodge. When you immobilize try to maximize your damage by hitting him a few times but not finisher, then hit him with big head, then hit him some more. He should be staggered/on the ground. My point is don't immobilize and straight him with big head or only one light combo. You can get in the first few hits before the finisher and swap finisher for big head. Then when he is staggered/on ground get out full light combo. When he starts trying to stir up the wind, hit him with the wind tamer. And go beat on him some more. Again, stay at his feet. Also just FYI, you CAN just run/dodge through middle of his legs. Which puts you behind his attack. Each boss is different. Some you need to fight up close and personal with their feet. Others, you need to go in for light attacks and run for safety. Such as white clad(snake dude in chapter 1). He has a leaping/flying stabbing move that he likes to do. Once you learn to dodge that,(only dodge once so you stay close and then immediately attack him with a few hits(not full combo) and back off. This boss your optimum position is close to his feet. Dodge then get some hits in, watching for his attacks. Repeat.
Elden Ring peak was 953k players on steam... Now 21k playing, so Elden Ring has lost 97% players after DLC released. :( what a disappointment
Well, it took me 50 hours, but I’ve completed the game (I kinda sucked at it, but I really love how it looks so I stayed). Got a bit pissed that I couldn’t get a good ending because one of the missions got bugged, but for now I’m done with the game. Will probably come back once there is a dlc out
i honestly think this game i’ll always come back to when i’m looking for a souls like game. amazing graphics and so fun 10/10
it still has like 40k+ player playing at this very moment... SS:Kill the justice league? 40.....
Well, I played 4th NG+, now just stopped to play and wait DLC .🤔
The "mediocre" game that the journalists can't stop talking about 😂
Gaming journalism bad
Now people just waiting for the DLC
Some like me left the game at first boss itself 😚🤩😘🙂‍↔️not mentioning the built but it is toooo hard Out of curiosity, which boss?
Out of curiosity, which boss?
i would not prefer game that would keep sucking your money and time
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Haunting_Shower_8434 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Haunting_Shower_8434 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I saw a stat. In a yt short. The majority of players nope out a tiger vanguard, which is understandable. He dropped my sack for roughly a week before I got him. Or, more accurately, I learned the dodge mechanic properly
Bro I already went back and played new game + it’s solid game and should win GOTY no doubt .. unless the game awards try to avoid it like hogwarts legacy .. ugh
😂😂😂😂😂
finished or dropped because they couldn't handle the difficulty
If Wukong doesn’t win game of the year it’s definitely rigged
I'm still working on the Platinum 😂
Unrelated, but this problem almost didn't exist with Baldurs Gate 3 even though they are also a single player game. That game is just goated
I hate the idea that games need to be constantly played to be good. And I am tired of games demanding all of my time to play. Wukong was a great game, I beat it, got the good ending, and moved on. Probably will jump back on it when the mood strikes.
Best money I ever spent
