================================================================================  评论列表:
He got greedy. We’ve all been there. track me Nah mans had withering wright right there the whole time Exactly what I said lol. You have the strongest toughest spirit in the game equipped ready to go. Aoe in full swing 😆 Ngl i forget to use that like 95% of the time Use him on erlang shen lol trust me That's who I'm currently on ill definitely remember when I hop back on Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man i can't i used spellbinder Metal ball is superior to big baby Thats in chapter 5 this kid is in chapter 2 smh Not the strongest. Lol. Not even top 3 Always gotta be an asshole to combat your comments. Exactly what I said lol WTF is a withering wright? You mean wandering wight? Hahaha Ykno…..u right…..but ima leave it lol the number of times i got too greedy or too tentative when i needed just one more hit is too much I literally had this do or die moment on Great Sage. Had popped a damage pill and a revive pill. Walked away with a pixel of health. Probably had jumped out my window had a lost that one Hahaha I’ve done this more times than I’d like to admit. My heart gets racing and I panic and try to end the fight fast but I always get punished for it. When the tunnel vision starts… you can never get out. It’s victory or death…. For this kid it’s the latter Fight through the pain lil bro, get back on the horse POV every maliketh or Godfrey fight I feel this way bout scorpinlord Literally came here to say this.
Nah mans had withering wright right there the whole time Exactly what I said lol. You have the strongest toughest spirit in the game equipped ready to go. Aoe in full swing 😆 Ngl i forget to use that like 95% of the time Use him on erlang shen lol trust me That's who I'm currently on ill definitely remember when I hop back on Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man i can't i used spellbinder Metal ball is superior to big baby Thats in chapter 5 this kid is in chapter 2 smh Not the strongest. Lol. Not even top 3 Always gotta be an asshole to combat your comments. Exactly what I said lol WTF is a withering wright? You mean wandering wight? Hahaha Ykno…..u right…..but ima leave it lol
Exactly what I said lol. You have the strongest toughest spirit in the game equipped ready to go. Aoe in full swing 😆 Ngl i forget to use that like 95% of the time Use him on erlang shen lol trust me That's who I'm currently on ill definitely remember when I hop back on Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man i can't i used spellbinder Metal ball is superior to big baby Thats in chapter 5 this kid is in chapter 2 smh Not the strongest. Lol. Not even top 3 Always gotta be an asshole to combat your comments.
Ngl i forget to use that like 95% of the time Use him on erlang shen lol trust me That's who I'm currently on ill definitely remember when I hop back on Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man i can't i used spellbinder
Use him on erlang shen lol trust me That's who I'm currently on ill definitely remember when I hop back on Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man i can't i used spellbinder
That's who I'm currently on ill definitely remember when I hop back on Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man
Oh yeah I can send you a video that helped me out so much beating him Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man
Sure that'd be cool https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man
https://youtu.be/CEjyADAmsUw?si=M8xdO4RHyJ2eimIa Cool man
Cool man
i can't i used spellbinder
Metal ball is superior to big baby Thats in chapter 5 this kid is in chapter 2 smh
Thats in chapter 5 this kid is in chapter 2 smh
Not the strongest. Lol. Not even top 3 Always gotta be an asshole to combat your comments.
Always gotta be an asshole to combat your comments.
Exactly what I said lol
WTF is a withering wright? You mean wandering wight? Hahaha Ykno…..u right…..but ima leave it lol
Ykno…..u right…..but ima leave it lol
the number of times i got too greedy or too tentative when i needed just one more hit is too much I literally had this do or die moment on Great Sage. Had popped a damage pill and a revive pill. Walked away with a pixel of health. Probably had jumped out my window had a lost that one
I literally had this do or die moment on Great Sage. Had popped a damage pill and a revive pill. Walked away with a pixel of health. Probably had jumped out my window had a lost that one
Hahaha I’ve done this more times than I’d like to admit. My heart gets racing and I panic and try to end the fight fast but I always get punished for it.
When the tunnel vision starts… you can never get out. It’s victory or death…. For this kid it’s the latter
Fight through the pain lil bro, get back on the horse
POV every maliketh or Godfrey fight
I feel this way bout scorpinlord
Literally came here to say this.
This kid is not ready, i think he needs a training arc to toughen up, which ever path he follows: the fellow monkeys will wish him good luck. The hour’s approaching to give it your best And you’ve got to reach your prime That’s when you need to put yourself to the test And show us a passage of time We’re gonna need a montage (Montage!) Ooh, it takes a montage (Montage!) You know who else had an arc? Noah Hahaha this gave me a giggle, thanks Strong Dark Souls's Anor Londo's archers toughen me so much that I can parry all the BS any future games throw at me
The hour’s approaching to give it your best And you’ve got to reach your prime That’s when you need to put yourself to the test And show us a passage of time We’re gonna need a montage (Montage!) Ooh, it takes a montage (Montage!)
You know who else had an arc? Noah Hahaha this gave me a giggle, thanks
Hahaha this gave me a giggle, thanks
Strong
Strong
Dark Souls's Anor Londo's archers toughen me so much that I can parry all the BS any future games throw at me
Lil bro shoulda used Baby Thanos head bonk after the pillar bonk Vessel off CD, Spirit off CD, doing full light chains with half HP. Yep, that's greed. Yep, kids may be better at games due to their youthful reaction and stuff, but lacking the life experience for foresight and planning.  He is tunnel vision into finishing the boss without realizing he should go with the safer route. Shit happens, all the time.  Otherwise this game would be too easy. I literally have not used any other summon besides Thanos and the Fire Dude, they’re just too good lmao Fire dude is good most of the game and his pillar style finisher is chef's kiss. But his windup for lights is too long, damage is still good but getting a chance to swing enough to get your dot and heavy up is just a pain on later bosses. It's why yin cat and yellow loong are so good.
Vessel off CD, Spirit off CD, doing full light chains with half HP. Yep, that's greed. Yep, kids may be better at games due to their youthful reaction and stuff, but lacking the life experience for foresight and planning.  He is tunnel vision into finishing the boss without realizing he should go with the safer route. Shit happens, all the time.  Otherwise this game would be too easy.
Yep, kids may be better at games due to their youthful reaction and stuff, but lacking the life experience for foresight and planning.  He is tunnel vision into finishing the boss without realizing he should go with the safer route. Shit happens, all the time.  Otherwise this game would be too easy.
I literally have not used any other summon besides Thanos and the Fire Dude, they’re just too good lmao Fire dude is good most of the game and his pillar style finisher is chef's kiss. But his windup for lights is too long, damage is still good but getting a chance to swing enough to get your dot and heavy up is just a pain on later bosses. It's why yin cat and yellow loong are so good.
Fire dude is good most of the game and his pillar style finisher is chef's kiss. But his windup for lights is too long, damage is still good but getting a chance to swing enough to get your dot and heavy up is just a pain on later bosses. It's why yin cat and yellow loong are so good.
Yellow Loong is making a 40 year old man cry too 50 year old man finally beat that f*cker today. Yeeeeep. First boss that pushed me to that point. Scorpion lord wasn’t shit to me, beat him 2nd try, yellowloong took me an hour. Scorpionlord is right under Yellow Loong when it comes to obscene spam and artificial difficulty boosting. Like, damn bro, they both had some of the craziest chain/link combines I’ve ever witnessed. Half the attacks for Scorpionlord straight up block a 2/3 of the screen while Yellow Loong could just insta kill you if your dodge sense was even a millisecond lacking. I died so much to yellow, I actual did one time take down 3/4 of his health bar without even sipping the gourd. Panicked and died to chop chop flying combo. Sigh. There was 3 times I had yellow long down to 1 or 2 hits left.   What kept happening was I would run out of my gourd and fight for another 10 minutes because I would focus more knowing I couldn’t take damage, and then end up dying. The strat that I ended up using to defeat him was get a transformation off at the very beginning, and 1 at the very end. In NG+  I beat him first try without any prep, but my character at that point was doing far more damage. Yellow long is actually reasonable to pick up his moves, scorpion just does whatever he wants Loong took me like 5 hours. Granted I did this b4 clearing world 4 but I didn’t have much of a plan going into his fight. Definitely my longest clear time, but GS is still worse imo
50 year old man finally beat that f*cker today.
Yeeeeep. First boss that pushed me to that point. Scorpion lord wasn’t shit to me, beat him 2nd try, yellowloong took me an hour. Scorpionlord is right under Yellow Loong when it comes to obscene spam and artificial difficulty boosting. Like, damn bro, they both had some of the craziest chain/link combines I’ve ever witnessed. Half the attacks for Scorpionlord straight up block a 2/3 of the screen while Yellow Loong could just insta kill you if your dodge sense was even a millisecond lacking. I died so much to yellow, I actual did one time take down 3/4 of his health bar without even sipping the gourd. Panicked and died to chop chop flying combo. Sigh. There was 3 times I had yellow long down to 1 or 2 hits left.   What kept happening was I would run out of my gourd and fight for another 10 minutes because I would focus more knowing I couldn’t take damage, and then end up dying. The strat that I ended up using to defeat him was get a transformation off at the very beginning, and 1 at the very end. In NG+  I beat him first try without any prep, but my character at that point was doing far more damage. Yellow long is actually reasonable to pick up his moves, scorpion just does whatever he wants Loong took me like 5 hours. Granted I did this b4 clearing world 4 but I didn’t have much of a plan going into his fight. Definitely my longest clear time, but GS is still worse imo
Scorpionlord is right under Yellow Loong when it comes to obscene spam and artificial difficulty boosting. Like, damn bro, they both had some of the craziest chain/link combines I’ve ever witnessed. Half the attacks for Scorpionlord straight up block a 2/3 of the screen while Yellow Loong could just insta kill you if your dodge sense was even a millisecond lacking. I died so much to yellow, I actual did one time take down 3/4 of his health bar without even sipping the gourd. Panicked and died to chop chop flying combo. Sigh. There was 3 times I had yellow long down to 1 or 2 hits left.   What kept happening was I would run out of my gourd and fight for another 10 minutes because I would focus more knowing I couldn’t take damage, and then end up dying. The strat that I ended up using to defeat him was get a transformation off at the very beginning, and 1 at the very end. In NG+  I beat him first try without any prep, but my character at that point was doing far more damage. Yellow long is actually reasonable to pick up his moves, scorpion just does whatever he wants
I died so much to yellow, I actual did one time take down 3/4 of his health bar without even sipping the gourd. Panicked and died to chop chop flying combo. Sigh. There was 3 times I had yellow long down to 1 or 2 hits left.   What kept happening was I would run out of my gourd and fight for another 10 minutes because I would focus more knowing I couldn’t take damage, and then end up dying. The strat that I ended up using to defeat him was get a transformation off at the very beginning, and 1 at the very end. In NG+  I beat him first try without any prep, but my character at that point was doing far more damage.
There was 3 times I had yellow long down to 1 or 2 hits left.   What kept happening was I would run out of my gourd and fight for another 10 minutes because I would focus more knowing I couldn’t take damage, and then end up dying. The strat that I ended up using to defeat him was get a transformation off at the very beginning, and 1 at the very end. In NG+  I beat him first try without any prep, but my character at that point was doing far more damage.
Yellow long is actually reasonable to pick up his moves, scorpion just does whatever he wants
Loong took me like 5 hours. Granted I did this b4 clearing world 4 but I didn’t have much of a plan going into his fight. Definitely my longest clear time, but GS is still worse imo
While I didn't cry, I did yell a few times on this guy lol.
用户已删除评论
Gonna be crying a lot for the next week. Yeah can’t wait to see him play Cyan Loong. Wait till he meets Yellow Loong. Not even wait for the yellow loong 😂😂 lol Erlang gonna be this kids nightmares
Yeah can’t wait to see him play Cyan Loong. Wait till he meets Yellow Loong. Not even wait for the yellow loong 😂😂 lol Erlang gonna be this kids nightmares
Wait till he meets Yellow Loong.
Not even wait for the yellow loong 😂😂
lol Erlang gonna be this kids nightmares
Same kid, same.
"Games for casuals" Casual, in tears, huddled over a chair after his 38th attempt at Black Loong.
Fragile child picked the WRONG game.
The fact the dad said "you got him now!" before he died probably made the pain worse 😂😭🥲
"Make a note of this: dishonor on you, dishonor on your cow!" To famiry R and L sounds exist in Mandarin. You are confusing it with Japanese.
"Make a note of this: dishonor on you, dishonor on your cow!"
To famiry R and L sounds exist in Mandarin. You are confusing it with Japanese.
R and L sounds exist in Mandarin. You are confusing it with Japanese.
If he’s acting like that on this boss, he has a lot of crying in his future. Also tell him to jump on rocks when electric waves come Assuming there's a rock left unsmashed. I was down to one rock when I finally beat this bastard. I guess I was lucky, none of the rocks even got damaged when I fought him Idk how 😭 every time I try to jump on the rocks I just slide off the side and then I get staggered by the lightning and then it's over :| There’s 3 rocks you can jump on, they’re different color. They’re the ones in middle of arena, not side. When he does the 9 slams you gotta keep him from breaking them all because he will if you let him attack near them or slam. Jumping on those rocks is the only way, if you try to dodge or jump you just get wrecked Lol I literally transform into the rock guy whenever the guy starts hanging the drums. Saved my ass Fully charged Pillar Stance works also but I would argue isnt worth the focus points. Wish i knew this when fighting him. Would have saved me A LOT of frustration You can cancel jump landing into dodge. Didn't even know there were rocks to jump on lol Nah it's easy as fuck to dodge
Assuming there's a rock left unsmashed. I was down to one rock when I finally beat this bastard. I guess I was lucky, none of the rocks even got damaged when I fought him
I guess I was lucky, none of the rocks even got damaged when I fought him
Idk how 😭 every time I try to jump on the rocks I just slide off the side and then I get staggered by the lightning and then it's over :| There’s 3 rocks you can jump on, they’re different color. They’re the ones in middle of arena, not side. When he does the 9 slams you gotta keep him from breaking them all because he will if you let him attack near them or slam.
There’s 3 rocks you can jump on, they’re different color. They’re the ones in middle of arena, not side. When he does the 9 slams you gotta keep him from breaking them all because he will if you let him attack near them or slam.
Jumping on those rocks is the only way, if you try to dodge or jump you just get wrecked Lol I literally transform into the rock guy whenever the guy starts hanging the drums. Saved my ass Fully charged Pillar Stance works also but I would argue isnt worth the focus points. Wish i knew this when fighting him. Would have saved me A LOT of frustration You can cancel jump landing into dodge. Didn't even know there were rocks to jump on lol Nah it's easy as fuck to dodge
Lol I literally transform into the rock guy whenever the guy starts hanging the drums. Saved my ass
Fully charged Pillar Stance works also but I would argue isnt worth the focus points.
Wish i knew this when fighting him. Would have saved me A LOT of frustration
You can cancel jump landing into dodge. Didn't even know there were rocks to jump on lol
Nah it's easy as fuck to dodge
If Black Loong makes him cry Erlang will put him in a manic depression.
Keep your tears for Yellow Loong
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Familiar_Cod_6754 点赞: 4 时间: 2024-09-09T20:05:38.213000+0000 内容: Got greedy, fucking L (we’ve all been there, I’m sure he got him in the next try)
Wait till he gets to Yellow Loong lol
dont let him try erlang
Bed time
Got greedy. Saw that coming from a mile.
Small tip for this boss. Jump on stone during novas phase.
Today he learned a valuable lesson
用户已删除评论 I think Mad Tiger is very similar to the Tiger Vanguard.
I think Mad Tiger is very similar to the Tiger Vanguard.
Hey, it’s his fault.  He still has a lot of wine to drink.  He played it dangerously.  Don’t complain. When I fight, I give it all.  A good attempt is where I literately have nothing left to give.
I’d cry too if that happened to me, he literally had it!! 😂
My favorite part of this fight was leaning I could chill on the rocks while he does his electric pulse move.
He’s gonna cry over that boss. He’s gonna put a hole through his screen once he makes it to chapter 4.
A lesson.
Wait until he stumbles upon Yellow Loong!
noob
Repeated and unforgiving failure, frustration, disappointment, and heartbreak are all important experiences that generate life lessons.
Get gud kid
Literally worst boss in the entire game. That ground pound attack is such bs
Damn. I’m glad Im not a kid in this era of souls likes we live in. The most I played was cuphead. And I didn’t even finish it as a kid. That makes me feel old considering that game came out in 2017 and I feel like it’s still very recent Is Cuphead not this era, wtf??? Back when I was a kid we had 'Nintendo Hard' and 'Arcade Hard' games. You die and it restarts the whole game. The amount of sweaty attempts to beat Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on the SNES is in the triple digits. I never did beat Contra (I ragequit that one).
That makes me feel old considering that game came out in 2017 and I feel like it’s still very recent
Is Cuphead not this era, wtf???
Back when I was a kid we had 'Nintendo Hard' and 'Arcade Hard' games. You die and it restarts the whole game. The amount of sweaty attempts to beat Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on the SNES is in the triple digits. I never did beat Contra (I ragequit that one).
Skill issue bud. Pack your things, you're being disowned
it happened to me with scorpion lord and the mantis a´d i wanted to cry too
Lol
LMAO. Glad I already grownup.
Bruh
Me with Scorpion Lord
Bro got greedy
I feel ya kid
I had trouble with this dude too because he would destroy all the rocks, thus nothing to jump on. There is a dead zone in the corner you can use.
That R1 attack chain gets me everytime.
I legit felt like that when I was fighting Yellow Loong the first time and had one hit left and he got me.
I just jump him a with my clone and kill him jn 20-40sec he couldn’t even hit back
Well Tbf, he had to have been good enough to get the boss’ health that low. He’ll  get there in no time
Boy do I know this feeling all too well
I’m glad that I’m grown up in an era of Tetris and Mario, and don’t need to experience this though moment as a young boy lol
That's me every boss!.
This guy almost made me cry.
We’ve all been there kid
Imagine yellow loong☠️
Damn he was one hit away
Me too kid. Me too.
Could have finished with the wailing, you are no monke king yet young one
Lol I lost to him once then realized I can just stand on the rock when he does those electric shock waves
I just defeated this mf today in 11th try i guess stopped counting after 5
I share his pain. All the AOEs made that fight not particularly enjoyable.
This is all of us, bro
Jump on the rock when does the pulse attack. Good luck brother.
I hated this guy too
thats literally rayasianboy
Fucked him up
He needs to take his break when your that invested it's not good it's just a game
My boy needs that wind tamer to curb stomp his ass
Are there more vids like this 😂 idk y but I wanna watch more videos like this cause it entertains me 😂
We’ve all had at least one moment like this.
Why is this funny to me?
版主已移除评论
Monkey sad....
On the other hand if he use heavy attack at the end he is very likey to see it through; this clutch win could be one of the best gaming moment in his childhood
That was peak greed. He saw that health bar and thought he couldn't lose.
Wait until lil bro gets to yellow loong 👹👹👹
Damn can't wait until it happens to me too haha
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: saucygit 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-09T21:27:49.027000+0000 内容: Join the club.
That's how I feel with supreme inspector
Pssh. Just waits till he reaches the Cyan Loong
and that isn't even a hard boss... good luck getting to 5th/6th chapter bosses...
Haha I hated that black loong and the drum beats on the ground.
Bro jumped right into the attack. No one to blame but him lol
版主已移除评论
Title a lil sus.
I'm only half-way through Chapter 3, but Black Loong has given me the most trouble so far.  He was crazy frustrating because I felt like I had him figured out.  His moves really aren't fast or surprising at all.  It was just so easy to make a small mistake and get caught by some punishing AOE damage.  It just happened to me over and over again.  It wasn't too often I died by getting smacked in the face.  I even had the jump sequence figured out by never doing more than two jumps or rolls consecutively (later I just used the rocks). I feel for the kid though... it would have been really hard to back away seeing that sliver of health remaining.  Other times you try to play it safe and back off only to die and wonder if you should have just taken one more swing.
I cried on the inside a lot during my time with this game.  I feel for him.
An arduous journey lies ahead young one, but with time you shall succeed as long as you don’t give up!
Got greedy kid, gotta know when to stop the combo and retreat!
Thats me right now with Broken Vessel
I totally get it. He will get in on the next one
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: nigglamingo 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-09T22:02:23.237000+0000 内容: Bro had the head sittin right there 😔
I feel his pain
He is not ready for this game.
I feel you kid. I feel you.
😂 gotta utilize them defensive tactics. He was close to beating him tho
Oof 😥, wait until the bosses in the later chapters
Yellow Loong: 👀
Can't wait to see what yellow does
Black loong is so unfair. Until you beat him, then he’s one of the best bosses in the gane
We’ve all been there.
Me irl
Uhm… laughs in Yellow Wing Sage
Translation: Kid: heavy attack(?) Spectator: he’s almost dead! Beautiful [hit]! Kid: oh no! Spectator: ah, so close, so close.
skill issue, he needs to get up and beat him
Skill issue
Me too kid
Young monke - “haste makes waste.” Boddisttava lingji
I'm feeling similar to him right now, but against Yellow Loong. 😭
Wait that's a kid??..
Oh yeah, been there!
Don't worry. I have been there. Persevere
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 be patient lmao
Black loong was easy once he stopped destroying all the damn rocks
Got punished for over committing Greedy little monkey
This boss wasn't too bad for me minus his little drum beat with the lightning rings. So long as I had a platform or rock it was fine.. so long as I didn't fight him near rocks breaking them all.
That’s an exhausted kid. He’s just like me, when I lose like that I feel hopeless and dead inside fr. I feel lil bro
He's alright, I've seen streamers turning into monke when they were beaten.
Got greedy you little poop
To be fair, I’m 38 and felt this pain
Hope the poor kid finds the rocks. Wandering wight would’ve been good too, he just needed to keep his cool and know his options, he’ll get him.
NEVER GET COCKY
Got greedy lol. His wight spirit is up. I remembered i was closed to beating the stupid wise voice and I got really greedy because I died so many times to the asshole. Got greedy and died by his stomp when I knew if I had rolled I could have two or three whacks to win
Oh boi, there will be a lot of screeching in the house
I want to know how many attempts deep that was
Just wait till Yellos Loong
Wait till he meets Mr.Yellow from Loong family
I’m glad bro didn’t throw a controller lol
I don’t think he’s ready for this game, having that strong of an emotional response to losing a game with zero consequences isn’t healthy.
His frustration will give him that drive lol I was the same way with radahn
Easy ass boss fight, but I feel this I’ve had “I am malenia blade of miquella” stuck in my head for an unhealthy amount of time 😂
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Lakeshadow 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-09T23:59:30.076000+0000 内容: He needed only one more hit! I feel the pain!
