================================================================================  评论列表:
I mean they’re not wrong. I just beat scorpion lord earlier. It wasn’t even that hard. It only took like a week. Idk what people mean. track me lmao im stuck at snake dude He was fucking me up but once u see his moves ull be str8 it just timing the dodge but man the main boss😭😭take my advice listen to sound queues than dodge ull know when u get there yeah didn’t like snake dude either for making me crash out butt naked because of the two phases but then again it was me learning how to play against him yeah i think i should do it slowly but f that guy for 2nd phase mann i was too happy after killing his first phase then bam f you I do can’t wait for you to fight Yellow and 🔓 He fucked me up over 20 times UNTIL I learned that after his very telegraphed spear lunge after his combos, you can lay into him and then reset. Just wait for the lunge to start dishing it out and with patience you win Look at this. https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/G4n2i8vRzC This man has some good advice I beat Whiteclad Noble's first form within my first try and I was so proud of myself 😭😭😭 same bro same You got this If you use the outfit, you should have all you need to handle that fight. It doesn’t help when you play for half an hour a week, then come back after a week to try again, and you realise you forgot what the controls are. A WEEK? bruh you must to be really bad because I got him down in 6 days and 10 hours Honestly wukong is not very tough game, Sekiro is. Bosses are hard to an extent yes, some are very hard to master and be patient get respec, some mob fight rarely but yes it can happen. Go play ninja gaiden 2 ( not sigma) or NG black you will be sweating bullets in mob fights lol, surrounded by 6-8 wnemies xonstantly under pressure and dashing around, bosses are mostly just 1on1 so you can finally relax a little and focus just on one enemy, now this changes on 2nd difficulty, 3rd and 4th. 😂 It's not easy either though. Sekiro, damn..... didn't play for more than 2 days it was so frustrating. So hard it got annoying. That's what I love about Wukong, it's challenging and fun. It's so satisfying when u beat the hard bosses. I was literally  trembling after I beat several of them. Great feeling. Ninja Gaiden 2 was tough as nails. Has a special place in my heart. There are tougher games for sure but Wukong ain't a walk in the park either. I’ve played both. I really don’t think Sekiro is more difficult than Wukong at least on first play-through. Learning the fundamentals was essential in Sekiro but it’s fairly basic. Wukong meanwhile was more demanding in terms of exploration and combat variety. Like fighting scorpion lord without the needle or wind sage. There’s definitely more room for flagrant errors in Wukong from damage mitigation but Sekiro does have a 100% physical block.
lmao im stuck at snake dude He was fucking me up but once u see his moves ull be str8 it just timing the dodge but man the main boss😭😭take my advice listen to sound queues than dodge ull know when u get there yeah didn’t like snake dude either for making me crash out butt naked because of the two phases but then again it was me learning how to play against him yeah i think i should do it slowly but f that guy for 2nd phase mann i was too happy after killing his first phase then bam f you I do can’t wait for you to fight Yellow and 🔓 He fucked me up over 20 times UNTIL I learned that after his very telegraphed spear lunge after his combos, you can lay into him and then reset. Just wait for the lunge to start dishing it out and with patience you win Look at this. https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/G4n2i8vRzC This man has some good advice I beat Whiteclad Noble's first form within my first try and I was so proud of myself 😭😭😭 same bro same You got this If you use the outfit, you should have all you need to handle that fight. It doesn’t help when you play for half an hour a week, then come back after a week to try again, and you realise you forgot what the controls are.
He was fucking me up but once u see his moves ull be str8 it just timing the dodge but man the main boss😭😭take my advice listen to sound queues than dodge ull know when u get there
yeah didn’t like snake dude either for making me crash out butt naked because of the two phases but then again it was me learning how to play against him yeah i think i should do it slowly but f that guy for 2nd phase mann i was too happy after killing his first phase then bam f you I do can’t wait for you to fight Yellow and 🔓 He fucked me up over 20 times UNTIL I learned that after his very telegraphed spear lunge after his combos, you can lay into him and then reset. Just wait for the lunge to start dishing it out and with patience you win
yeah i think i should do it slowly but f that guy for 2nd phase mann i was too happy after killing his first phase then bam f you I do can’t wait for you to fight Yellow and 🔓 He fucked me up over 20 times UNTIL I learned that after his very telegraphed spear lunge after his combos, you can lay into him and then reset. Just wait for the lunge to start dishing it out and with patience you win
I do can’t wait for you to fight Yellow and 🔓
He fucked me up over 20 times UNTIL I learned that after his very telegraphed spear lunge after his combos, you can lay into him and then reset. Just wait for the lunge to start dishing it out and with patience you win
Look at this. https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/s/G4n2i8vRzC This man has some good advice I beat Whiteclad Noble's first form within my first try and I was so proud of myself 😭😭😭 same bro same
This man has some good advice I beat Whiteclad Noble's first form within my first try and I was so proud of myself 😭😭😭 same bro same
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Sahil809 点赞: 8 时间: 2024-12-14T09:51:09.310000+0000 内容: I beat Whiteclad Noble's first form within my first try and I was so proud of myself 😭😭😭 same bro same
same bro same
You got this
If you use the outfit, you should have all you need to handle that fight.
It doesn’t help when you play for half an hour a week, then come back after a week to try again, and you realise you forgot what the controls are.
A WEEK? bruh you must to be really bad because I got him down in 6 days and 10 hours
Honestly wukong is not very tough game, Sekiro is. Bosses are hard to an extent yes, some are very hard to master and be patient get respec, some mob fight rarely but yes it can happen. Go play ninja gaiden 2 ( not sigma) or NG black you will be sweating bullets in mob fights lol, surrounded by 6-8 wnemies xonstantly under pressure and dashing around, bosses are mostly just 1on1 so you can finally relax a little and focus just on one enemy, now this changes on 2nd difficulty, 3rd and 4th. 😂 It's not easy either though. Sekiro, damn..... didn't play for more than 2 days it was so frustrating. So hard it got annoying. That's what I love about Wukong, it's challenging and fun. It's so satisfying when u beat the hard bosses. I was literally  trembling after I beat several of them. Great feeling. Ninja Gaiden 2 was tough as nails. Has a special place in my heart. There are tougher games for sure but Wukong ain't a walk in the park either. I’ve played both. I really don’t think Sekiro is more difficult than Wukong at least on first play-through. Learning the fundamentals was essential in Sekiro but it’s fairly basic. Wukong meanwhile was more demanding in terms of exploration and combat variety. Like fighting scorpion lord without the needle or wind sage. There’s definitely more room for flagrant errors in Wukong from damage mitigation but Sekiro does have a 100% physical block.
It's not easy either though. Sekiro, damn..... didn't play for more than 2 days it was so frustrating. So hard it got annoying. That's what I love about Wukong, it's challenging and fun. It's so satisfying when u beat the hard bosses. I was literally  trembling after I beat several of them. Great feeling. Ninja Gaiden 2 was tough as nails. Has a special place in my heart. There are tougher games for sure but Wukong ain't a walk in the park either. I’ve played both. I really don’t think Sekiro is more difficult than Wukong at least on first play-through. Learning the fundamentals was essential in Sekiro but it’s fairly basic. Wukong meanwhile was more demanding in terms of exploration and combat variety. Like fighting scorpion lord without the needle or wind sage. There’s definitely more room for flagrant errors in Wukong from damage mitigation but Sekiro does have a 100% physical block.
I’ve played both. I really don’t think Sekiro is more difficult than Wukong at least on first play-through. Learning the fundamentals was essential in Sekiro but it’s fairly basic. Wukong meanwhile was more demanding in terms of exploration and combat variety. Like fighting scorpion lord without the needle or wind sage. There’s definitely more room for flagrant errors in Wukong from damage mitigation but Sekiro does have a 100% physical block.
He ain’t wrong lol The game is very forgiving with timing right? Witcher 3 on hardest difficulty feels harder fr It’s a very forgiving game, there are spells dedicated to allowing you to breathe for a second. A lot of the audience just don’t play tough games usually. To them it may be the hardest Difficulty is subjective entirely. This is tough for casual gamers
The game is very forgiving with timing right? Witcher 3 on hardest difficulty feels harder fr It’s a very forgiving game, there are spells dedicated to allowing you to breathe for a second. A lot of the audience just don’t play tough games usually. To them it may be the hardest
It’s a very forgiving game, there are spells dedicated to allowing you to breathe for a second. A lot of the audience just don’t play tough games usually. To them it may be the hardest
Difficulty is subjective entirely. This is tough for casual gamers
He told y'all to GIT GUD
tbf, it's not the easiest game in the world but it's far from being up there with the really hard games. edit : i'm genuinely surprised i didn't get downvoted since some people in the sub act like this is the  hardest game ever, while sure it's hard at times but there's hard, and there's HARD. There's also a difference between PC and console imo. i finished the game without any real issues, but last week i was with a friend and he wanted me to beat broken shell for him. i needed 2x amount of attempts to kill him, why ? because on the playstation the fps drops hard during some busy animations, and if FPS drops then  input delay increases. having played both platforms i feel it's objectively harder on playstation than it is on PC due to hardware differences. 版主已移除评论 Repressed memories starting to resurface... i had the sega genesis version myself Thank god for cheatcodes  i made it to adult simba levels twice and always died (hyenas graveyard or what it was), with level skip cheat i finally beat it 15 years later lmao. I could get to adult Simba pretty smoothly but the platforming got super tricky after that and I'd die pretty quickly I got to Scar a few times but never figured out you had to actually had to throw him off the ledge and ended up rage quitting haha Never realised that was the final boss. Young-me was a monster on the SEGA (it was also released there) People don’t act like it’s the hardest game in the world It’s just the hardest game some people have played. Yeah I agree.  It's also just hard to draw the line at what hard is. Like I saw tons of people have trouble with Wondering white, yellow long, yin tiger, the scorpion lord.  While I struggled with scorpion lord and yin tiger, I beat yellow long and wandering white in the first 2 attempts. I also built my wukong horribly, buffing a bunch of defence stats and wasn't able to do any damage.  Then once I moved my sparks for damage, crit chance and crit damage, the game became fairly easy. I beat Erl long on the 2nd attempt and final boss on my first attempt.  Everyone just struggles with different stuff.  Like I got my ass kicked on that death bridge in the pagoda realm, archers and bats kept messing me up (I embarrassingly used the staff spin to block arrows and walked over the edge to my own death to many times 🤣).   I'm sure there are people here who would platform way way better than me, but then struggle on a boss I didn't have trouble with. Wandering white was only a struggle for first few deaths after tht every death was me panic rolling or fucking up the timing. But it was such a fun fight but fighting the real version was easier but harder also idk how to explain it The real version? I hate that death bridge because the auto-pathing would turn off a step or two before the end causing me to walk off the beam.
版主已移除评论 Repressed memories starting to resurface... i had the sega genesis version myself Thank god for cheatcodes  i made it to adult simba levels twice and always died (hyenas graveyard or what it was), with level skip cheat i finally beat it 15 years later lmao. I could get to adult Simba pretty smoothly but the platforming got super tricky after that and I'd die pretty quickly I got to Scar a few times but never figured out you had to actually had to throw him off the ledge and ended up rage quitting haha Never realised that was the final boss. Young-me was a monster on the SEGA (it was also released there)
Repressed memories starting to resurface...
i had the sega genesis version myself
Thank god for cheatcodes  i made it to adult simba levels twice and always died (hyenas graveyard or what it was), with level skip cheat i finally beat it 15 years later lmao. I could get to adult Simba pretty smoothly but the platforming got super tricky after that and I'd die pretty quickly I got to Scar a few times but never figured out you had to actually had to throw him off the ledge and ended up rage quitting haha Never realised that was the final boss. Young-me was a monster on the SEGA (it was also released there)
I could get to adult Simba pretty smoothly but the platforming got super tricky after that and I'd die pretty quickly I got to Scar a few times but never figured out you had to actually had to throw him off the ledge and ended up rage quitting haha Never realised that was the final boss. Young-me was a monster on the SEGA (it was also released there)
People don’t act like it’s the hardest game in the world It’s just the hardest game some people have played.
Yeah I agree.  It's also just hard to draw the line at what hard is. Like I saw tons of people have trouble with Wondering white, yellow long, yin tiger, the scorpion lord.  While I struggled with scorpion lord and yin tiger, I beat yellow long and wandering white in the first 2 attempts. I also built my wukong horribly, buffing a bunch of defence stats and wasn't able to do any damage.  Then once I moved my sparks for damage, crit chance and crit damage, the game became fairly easy. I beat Erl long on the 2nd attempt and final boss on my first attempt.  Everyone just struggles with different stuff.  Like I got my ass kicked on that death bridge in the pagoda realm, archers and bats kept messing me up (I embarrassingly used the staff spin to block arrows and walked over the edge to my own death to many times 🤣).   I'm sure there are people here who would platform way way better than me, but then struggle on a boss I didn't have trouble with. Wandering white was only a struggle for first few deaths after tht every death was me panic rolling or fucking up the timing. But it was such a fun fight but fighting the real version was easier but harder also idk how to explain it The real version? I hate that death bridge because the auto-pathing would turn off a step or two before the end causing me to walk off the beam.
Wandering white was only a struggle for first few deaths after tht every death was me panic rolling or fucking up the timing. But it was such a fun fight but fighting the real version was easier but harder also idk how to explain it The real version?
The real version?
I hate that death bridge because the auto-pathing would turn off a step or two before the end causing me to walk off the beam.
I wonder how this generation of gamers would deal with Mega Man, Contra or Battletoads News Report: "This week, the State Department has reported noticed a dramatic increase in video game related depression cases." Battletoads and Double Dragons mission 2 Blag alley is for me the hardest damn level in a game I’ve ever played. The RNG of my own competence of making it through with that game is damn crappy. That was a tough freaking game! Granted, I haven’t played it in years so i don’t know if it would click for me now.
News Report: "This week, the State Department has reported noticed a dramatic increase in video game related depression cases."
Battletoads and Double Dragons mission 2 Blag alley is for me the hardest damn level in a game I’ve ever played. The RNG of my own competence of making it through with that game is damn crappy. That was a tough freaking game! Granted, I haven’t played it in years so i don’t know if it would click for me now.
Best moment was thanking the game awards for not having invisible walls
GOAT behavior
Yeah, dying 45X n a row too Erlang will question your abilities 😂
Just bought the disc version and about to start, this is encouraging.
When you have a chance to tell an entire auditorium "git gud" in two languages, you take that every time.
what? it wasn't hard at all, I am at NG+7 and I'm only stuck at Erlang for 3 weeks, it's not even a month. I plan to fight him for a whole year lets see who gets sick of the fight first. Come at me Erlang, show me your passion! lol im stuck at snake guy f that 2nd form he's a great coach for see through and perfect dodges - once you get through him everything else becomes so easy.
lol im stuck at snake guy f that 2nd form he's a great coach for see through and perfect dodges - once you get through him everything else becomes so easy.
he's a great coach for see through and perfect dodges - once you get through him everything else becomes so easy.
Devs:  “You think the game is hard?  Wait until we release the Asian difficulty.  You’ll be suffering from so much emotional damage.” Please don't give them ideas lol... ASIAN DIFFICULTY The boss looks at you as you dodge and use the immobilise skill. YOU DED You hit the boss during combo YOU DED Get cocky ULTIMATE WEAPON. ASAIN MOM SLIPPER. INSTANT KILL
Please don't give them ideas lol... ASIAN DIFFICULTY The boss looks at you as you dodge and use the immobilise skill. YOU DED You hit the boss during combo YOU DED Get cocky ULTIMATE WEAPON. ASAIN MOM SLIPPER. INSTANT KILL
Imo easier than Hades. There's no major loss from a death, reskills are free. You can practice on bosses until you beat them. Also with the lore related trinkets most bosses have their difficulty vastly reduced.
he is out of line but he is right ... it only took me 18 tries to beat wandering wight
Black myth wukong is like darksouls for ppl who play all their games of the easiest difficulty I think it’s a good balance between being able to still enjoy the game and having a challenging boss for the intermediate players It doesn’t take so much patience that it feels turn based Yeah that’s me
I think it’s a good balance between being able to still enjoy the game and having a challenging boss for the intermediate players It doesn’t take so much patience that it feels turn based
Yeah that’s me
btw the interpreter is actually the CEO of the company that invested in game science. Daniel Wu.
I agree. The game is not hard at all. I just had to sit through three anger management group therapy sessions during my great struggle with the scorpion lord. lol
lol
Difficulty is entirely subjective. I am beyond tired of the attitude that every game should just copy dark souls because a few basement dwellers think it's not hard “Damn this boss is the toughest I’ve ever fought” “Well actually its not that tough, a Sekiro boss is like 100x harder” Like bro??
“Damn this boss is the toughest I’ve ever fought” “Well actually its not that tough, a Sekiro boss is like 100x harder” Like bro??
Where to buy that shirt ?
He's just trying to encourage casual gamers to give it a try. I would agree with his take since the existence of a skill tree and the ability to farm/craft weapons really help with beating bosses. Just gotta try different tactics.
Neurosurgery is also very easy once you pass the first 1000 cases. "That time I got stuck on that one patient whose brain kept parrying my scalpel for a week."
"That time I got stuck on that one patient whose brain kept parrying my scalpel for a week."
The game will become easier when you have the right soak, spirit, armor, and staff that fit your playstyle.
This is my game of the year. It was good ride. Love these folks
Well, that's true, it's not difficult.
I chimed in late to the Award. I know Wukong won Player's choice. But what else did they win? Also bombing BG3 is not cool at all and puts shame on all players of Black Myth Wukong Yes, but it's a misunderstanding and it's a bit ridiculous indeed.
Yes, but it's a misunderstanding and it's a bit ridiculous indeed.
ngl hardest part of the game were the RNG drops.
It could be challenging, I didn't find it hard but then again I've played an ungodly amount of hours of FromSoft games.
I mean he’s not wrong, all you have to do is to see thought enemy’s bullshit.🥴
I’ve been struggling at first and took 10 hours to reach Black Wind dude which keep on vanishing. Tried a new game and damn finished chapter 2 within 10 hours it’s all about learning the boss patterns first and when to hit
It really ain’t once you get the hold of it
The only boss I struggled with is Erlang who I haven’t beaten yet …nothing too extreme so they aren’t that wrong In saying that I’m guessing NG++ is where the struggle will really begin
Hahahaha, first play through was stuck on Yaksha king and Elang for a good three days, Heck it was easy hahahaha.
He’s right. I never got stuck at boss. I never had to turn the game off just to try the same boss again in a few days. All it took was to keep playing until its light out.
It’s no way near as hard as Lies of P, any souls game or Nioh
you're not him, after all
I just started the game and can't defeat the first big guy himself.
If you play without looking up anything online or being really smart about it it’s very hard. If you get the right items and gear and use them correctly it becomes MUCH easier.
To be fair they're right, it usually only takes me around 5 hours to beat the hardest bosses. I usually need 5-6 coffees to keep myself sane throughout the day.
If you are skilled player (finished Sekiro, other Fromsoft games) it's quite easy actually. If you are not skilled at all basically, it's probably very hard game. It depends on a player. It is very forgiving game, because you have items and powers to make fights a lot easier.
The game can be as hard as you want it to be! They give you so much, and I mean SO much options to make the bosses easier. But if you want, you don’t have to use any of them.
True. I Finished the game twice.
Having just played the crap out of it and finished getting the platinum and working towards NG+4. I think the game is entirely accessible more so than a title like Sekiro. Wukong is grindy for sure and coerces players into understanding that if you can’t dodge it’s gonna be tough through ch1. Once ch2 starts off, the players choice of expression starts to unfold and accessibility opens up. While I didn’t have a hard time with many bosses other than Wandering Wright and Erlang. These two while at other ends of my journey in the game I found tough but not punishing. The WW was cuz I didn’t have stamina up to continue the combo x2 before backing off and coming back. Erlang was due to poor judgement when I thought I needed to dodge and getting greedy with extra attacks when I should’ve roll dodged behind him to deliver the next two hits to repeat. The blacksmith tiger was tough with a crazy difficulty spike but once I grinded some sparks and upgraded my armor to the second to last tier, it was entirely doable. Every boss felt like it had its own rhythm (minus the rock/frogs, that was a rinse and repeat) and if I lost a fight I knew the next match I would have to slow down and watch the moves and then I could beat them. I think the game was challenging and balanced the fun very well. The RNG of the soaks and seeds for me luckily wasn’t too bad on NG+ when I had two of the golden carp & celestial registry tablet curios and the turtle skull mask. I set a timer on my phone for seed/soaks run resets in the chapters I needed and then went back to grinding sparks and mind cores. Luckily on my first playthrough I had like 90% of the soaks and seeds. I fought every boss on NG. Black Myth Wukong is my 2024 GOTY, I didn’t expect I’d even play this game but I am damn glad I did. I’d like to see another game from them or DLC.
That’s right , “Git Gud”
I thought the game was challenging, but not hard. I don’t consider it hard for several reasons: It doesn’t demand perfection (you can spam dodge rolls all you like and still be successful) Mistakes are very forgivable (you get plenty of heals) There are no insta-death mechanics In short, you can complete Black Myth with little more than mediocrity. A hard game for me would be something like Cuphead, Dead Cells 5 BSC, Hollow Knight Pantheon of Hollow Nest. Cuphead is unforgivable right off the get go. You only have 3 HP. There are no heals. Many bosses require you to move constantly while dodging bullets with no room for a breather. Dead Cells’s true ending is absolutely brutal. You have virtually no healing. Any trash mob can easily kill you. Also they teleport to your face. And you have to maintain this focus for an hour. Many take hundreds of hours tries to accomplish this; I didn’t even bother trying once I found out mobs teleport to you. Hollow Knight’s Pantheon of Hollow Nest is my single greatest gaming achievement. You fight 40+ bosses in a row. Last 8 bosses or so are significantly harder than Erlang. Healing is a challenge. No checkpoints. Whole run takes about an hour. PS: Furi is another hard game focused only on bosses that demands near perfection. Little to no healing iirc. Sadly not many people have heard of the game.
Love this game and have beaten it several times, but some of my buddies who have beaten Elden ring can’t get past chapter 1 of this game for some reason. Not sure if the lack of a typical parry really hurts them that badly, but there does seem to be a mental block for some people who are otherwise into this type of game. Looking forward to the future expansions of Wukong more than anything right now, an underdog masterpiece I think a lot of darksoul player tend to roll too much in black myth，they think they are still playing dark soul，but aggressive is very important in bmw, because you can keep on knocking the bosses out of balance. such as white clad noble, he is actually a very easy boss if you didn't just try to keep rolling and keeping distance
I think a lot of darksoul player tend to roll too much in black myth，they think they are still playing dark soul，but aggressive is very important in bmw, because you can keep on knocking the bosses out of balance. such as white clad noble, he is actually a very easy boss if you didn't just try to keep rolling and keeping distance
It ain’t though it just gets progressively harder each ng+ run so that eventually u have to start over
"Soulsborne" has forever changed video games forever, for better or for worse. God forbid, everything these days should be "hair-pulling hard" or else, it's not a "good" game...
“要我说放屁”-黄眉
Well, he is right, the spells and transformations make the game easier.
Wukong is definitely challenging, that bird fuck at the end of the game was driving me mad
He is absolutely right, tho. Just need a little patience perhaps sometimes and some breaks. ^ :D
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Careful-Squirrel-141 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-12-15T14:25:46.062000+0000 内容: Yall are having trouble with this game? Only boss that took me more than 4 tries was redboy and erlang. Erlang took me 3 days but red boy Only took my like 15 tries. Everyone else was below 5. I'm not even trying to flex cause I'm not like a gamer god or anything but how are yall having so much trouble with some of these games?
It's freaking hard.
If really isn't that hard of a game. People compare it to souls but in from games it's mandatory to learn all the boss moves. You can get away without that in BMW. Except for the Tiger Vanguard, Black Loong and the Stone Vanguard, I really didn't put in more than 15 mins on any boss. I'm on chapter 2 rn Am on Chapter 4 right now and I agree with this guy. The only troublesome boss so far has been Yellowbrow. I got him after 3 tries. This is definitely not like a souls game, it's beautiful and a brilliant game of its own and I've been loving the past 24 hours of Chapters 3 and 4.
Am on Chapter 4 right now and I agree with this guy. The only troublesome boss so far has been Yellowbrow. I got him after 3 tries. This is definitely not like a souls game, it's beautiful and a brilliant game of its own and I've been loving the past 24 hours of Chapters 3 and 4.
Well he’s not wrong! Not the easiest game out there, but by no means difficult.
It’s not hard just the main bosses r hard tbh I beat  gow ragnarok few weeks ago (2nd time) on gmgow nd man wukong hard but shi far from gow but again I Hurd it gets harder in chapter 3 nd im there
The difficulty always felt up and down for me. Sometimes it would spike, sometimes it was smooth sailing. Yellow Loong, Yaksha King and Erlang Shen were highlights in difficulty, along with Cyan Loong (until I realised him putting his sword in reverse grip is the tell for his corkscrew attack). Though some people found Yaksha King easy.
It's bizarre if your POV is them belittling their own game, because it's not.  There are so many consumers who don't buy games if they heard or perceive it as hard.
New updated will give u a total erlang
I think because the mass majority have never played a souls game, or any game, and their voice is heard more than the regular gamers who don’t say anything. game need little improvement tho
game need little improvement tho
Erlang is harder than any boss in Sekiro
Great
Not hard at all. Yellow wind sage took me over 2 hours and I only survived with a very tiny silver of health.
I find it ironic that there’s alotta ppl here having trouble with the snake boss in chapter 1 I actually always beat him either 1st or 2nd try on any new playthrough Ironic due to me having trouble only with the final boss of chapter 1 won’t say who cause spoiler free Here how my first time with the snake boss went for the id say I think 5th 6th time something like that except it’s on a first run through on a brand new made psn acc so new save data anyways here’s my video for those interested https://share.icloud.com/photos/0b2M3c3YeSQlxp8kxWM8RAIMA And here’s what I used to make it happen on the run https://share.icloud.com/photos/068VjRA76Gsq-MqlfMfdjbmAw Edit: the reason the he’s at lower health in the start of the video is because I hit him with the level 2 wandering wight off the rip did that much damage yes it’s insanely op early game
Here how my first time with the snake boss went for the id say I think 5th 6th time something like that except it’s on a first run through on a brand new made psn acc so new save data anyways here’s my video for those interested https://share.icloud.com/photos/0b2M3c3YeSQlxp8kxWM8RAIMA And here’s what I used to make it happen on the run https://share.icloud.com/photos/068VjRA76Gsq-MqlfMfdjbmAw Edit: the reason the he’s at lower health in the start of the video is because I hit him with the level 2 wandering wight off the rip did that much damage yes it’s insanely op early game
Maybe they means the game is not hard at all to those people good with action games,rather than other players XD Cause I feel that's hard to play as well
The only one I died more than twice on was the hidden secret boss but I did die to him like 30 times.
Played upto ng+4 of wukong. Found elden ring a lot harder because you have to work a bit to get the cheese in elden ring. In wukong you have ways to cheese bosses actively spoonfed by the game. You get tons of mimic tear level fighters by the time chapter 2 is in its last stage(pluck of many though with low health and can use immobilize and even pots sometimes) In wukong if I found things difficult I could just summon clones who actually did tons of damage. Apart from mimic tear, dung eater and tiche most spirits suck and get folded quick by bosses in elden ring. Against Malenia Mimic was kind of useless because she heals (though if I used mohgwyn sacred spear with mimic malenia would fold) In wukong things get too hard you can freeze the enemy to catch your breath or your panic cloudstep. You even get a free health bar with transformations. The most important thing in wukong is how it doesn't punish panic rolling as much as elden ring. Dodges are agile and smooth and cover quite a bit more distance than in elden ring and I could swear you get more iframes in wukong even discounting the perfect dodge mechanic. Only one boss in wukong has moves that are designed to throw human reflexes off (yaksha king's vertical slash) while almost every boss in elden ring has weird movements to throw off humans who play it with unnecessary delays for extra challenge. Souls games are definitely harder for me personally than wukong ever was.
OK but they're right though. The secret final boss is the only one that's given me any real trouble
It actually isn’t expect the final 2 bosess.
Devs telling us to gitgud huh. 🙂‍↕️
I beat it yesterday and it was the most satisfying feeling ever. Now I'm running through as a literal god one shotting every boss all the way up to chapter 3 undefeated. Revenge tour 😈😈😈😈
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Consistent_Win_8398 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Consistent_Win_8398 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Just having the ability to time stop literally hide your presence for a long time to catch your breath, or wait for the boss to stop their current hard-to-dodge combo summon meatshields (that does some damage) transform to a completely different creature with a separate HP bar makes the game so much more forgiving
He’s not wrong tho lol if I can play it so can anyone else 🫢🫢
They don't mean that, they're just giving you faith.
I thought this game was absolutely brutal on casual gamers. But I found a brute-force approach that has me skating through the game. I'm halfway through chapter 4. I've been using the same dumb tactic on every boss and have gotten them down in 1-2 tries. Wait for my first perfect dodge, then cast Immobilize. Build up focus. Cast Pluck of Many right before it expires. Immediately use Wandering Wright to maximize the damage that Pluck of Many will do. Repeat the same with Wind Tamer as it will often stagger the boss. At this point, I should have full focus and I use Smash Stance exclusively. Had trouble with other stances actually landing on bosses (may be a skill issue, but Smash Stance seemed the easiest). Then I use Red Tides to wail on the boss and preserve my own health. By now the boss is probably dead. If not, I will be able to repeat many of the above again. Especially Immobilize. Sometimes the boss will cancel my casts and I will die and have to retry. But if most of the above lands, I've been good with every boss through chapter 4 so far. I never re-speced. Most useful points seem to be in dodge and survivability. I also put a lot of points in anything associated with Light Attacks because they are the most reliable and always land.
To be fair, it’s really not
Not terribly hard so far. Took a bit of learning at the beginning. The hardest time I’ve had was fighting the big headed monk near the beginning without killing the earlier version first (then I started over shortly after winning when I learned that the boss disappears and your miss the rewards) and I recently got through yellowbrow.
I would like to politely disagree with them. same
same
I'm still fighting Yellowbrow dude is a dick
Erlang and wukong honestly are the most challenging fights honestly and the rat king
For those of us who suck at games like this, I beg to differ lol
I started played elden ring dlc just after finishing wukong. Everything else seems easy game for me now after finishing the dlc
That's right if you compare it to any other soulslike games. It's as hard as most of them to me,but I don't level up too much like a lot of people do
It's as hard as most of them to me,but I don't level up too much like a lot of people do
Only hard boss was erlang for me
After playing soulslike games this game was a cake walk. Just beat erlang in ng+5
Try GoW on god of war mode 💀
Bro said it’s not even a souls like game so .-.
If you compare it to Sekiro yea, anything compared to Sekiro is insane even Cuphead
This game has a few really difficult bosses. - Great Sage Broken Shell: I think overall this is the most difficult boss to me. There is no obvious weaknesses, and he gets stronger compared to other bosses as you enter later playthroughs. But this fight is so epic that I often just do it again and again. - Erlang: the only one I haven't managed to beat with only spellbinder (have to start with fans and rock transformation). But using fan makes the fight a lot easier. So I rank him after GSBS. - Yellow Loong: Fast with decent health. - Scorpion Lord: Really fast and agressive boss, but his health is low, so I rank him a bit lower. - Honorable mention: Yin Tiger: He was very tough the first time you met him, but since he is optional, once you level up a bit he becomes trivial and you can take him out pretty quickly. EDIT: in the challenge mode (NG+++), here is my final list of difficulties: Erlang (rock transformation no longer works!) Scorpion Lord (aggressive and can easily kill you) GSBS: tough, but you can take your time Yellow Loong: surprisingly easy
This is exactly how I felt with the Tiger Vanguard. He took me three tries.
Just say it: not for casuals who want to relax and the way of playing it is: keep dying n repeat till ya got it! Fr tho, plus point is it actually rewarding in its own unique way n it was pretty fun to learn n explore the combat mechanics But as a casual, hell am i not doing it again🤣🤣
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Far_Promise_9903 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-12-15T04:05:20.693000+0000 内容: As a casual gamer. Fuckers. 🥺
Ngl 2 of my friends bought the game at release with me, but one just can’t beat tiger vanguard and one can’t beat the wind sage. The game is kinda tough on you, but it also provides plentiful resources to get stronger or counter specific tough attacks. I don’t have the heart to tell my buddies they just aren’t built for this type of game (they both tried souls and couldn’t make much headway either)
I mean its not that hard
I don’t get why didn’t the other developer came up together
Hahahahaha
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Majoryoyo121 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Majoryoyo121 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
That sold me.
They deserved that players choice aka true goty
😭😭
Me neither
Actually it's not that the game is hard due to enemy attacks but is hard to play with all that clunky combat animations, delayed and unresponsive controls, bad hit boxes and invisible walls even at Boss arenas. Im playing it for like 3 hours. Im at Golden Baby boss and so far this game is nowhere near comparing to Sekiro for example. Not even talking about exploration and level design aspects as those are non existent at this point. This game is mid and i cant believe people are saying this could be Goty. Like wtf 😆
If you dont use a guide, it is hard. Like you can get to the bosses and not know that the secret chapter items help/not even know the secret area's or anything like that. You can get to a boss underleveled and be totally oblivious.
Nah this game is a pain in the ass, one of the hardest games I've ever played.
Complaining about Wukong's difficulty is so last year. Complaining about PoE2's difficulty is so hot right now.
