================================================================================  评论列表:
Not sure if I am understanding it correctly, but is it talking about shutting down the shops that use bots to farm primos then selling them as rerolls? They also plan on cracking down on the private server stuff and leaks by taking legal action. track me private servers too? Well can't blame em,afterall theyk inda give you the game for free because they hope you will atleast earn all the collected resource,either via time or money and private servers kinda just go around that part and give everything for free if I understand them right Because private servers are often linked to illegal profits and scams. The game is free but not open sourced, meaning all the assets of the game is copyrighted by mihoyo, private servers are not legal. Private servers also have a bunch of custom mods and cheating on it. For example, you can sell power ups to people for cheap, they will buy it to get the same experience + godly artifacts. Essentially it allows you to profiteer off a ripped game, except now you are mihoyo AND you sell your own shit to the people there. For example: 1600 primos to wish are now $5 instead of $10. And max pity is 60 instead of 90 or whatever. By the way you can just set it up on your own PC locally without needing to connect to anybody else's private server, you can do this locally and play Genshin completely offline. In fact on the GitHub of said private servers, they completely discourage you from playing on other people's private servers and just host your own. Suck that you can't really play the game in private servers since the quests don't work in the most recent versions, so it's just an walk simulator. Oh,I completely forgot about that part of the Situation,good point! It also gives them the ability to just shut off the game forever Privtes servers don't even work with half the stuff actually in game, there's no stamina, no damages, no cooldown. There's no point to play on private servers beside displaying unreleased content. Also having everything for free is agaisnt the very first interest of the game which is collecting. So its not like anybody would play that instead of the real game, therefore they are of no harm for them Welll as stated hoyo makes the game to sell their characters pretty much,if the private servers offer to give them out for Free,they obv would get mad. You are making assumptions based on private servers dataminers setup versus ones that can actually work like the regular game. The latter obviously works as intended while the former forgoes unnecessary stuff for the sake of just leaking models and animations. u/FineResponsibility61 is probably referring to the more popular private server out there. It's not that it's made for dataminers, but it tries to reverse engineer everything instead of using leaked server files and a lot of things aren't implemented properly. The servers that more accurately work like the regular game due to being based on Genshin official server files that were leaked back in 2022, but that was the last time those files where leaked so it only goes to patch 3.4. Anything past that requires reverse engineering the server sided code, and as far as I'm aware, nobody has fully done that. A lot of mechanics won't be implemented properly (or at all), so the combat will be very off with most characters released after 3.4. Playing through the story, quests and events from past 3.4 can require extensive private server command usage in many situations to not get stuck, and you will have to skip content to progress. I think it works better if you just want to play around with characters you don't have for a bit, being able to freely set up your team. The mechanics won't work properly, but at least you will be able to test their moveset and how they feel. Trying to play the story past 3.4 will probably just be frustrating though. Sounds like a bad piracy cope to justify private servers when they do in fact entice people to obtain things for free which otherwise had to be paid for. Be a pirate for all I care but let's not pretend you're morally in the clear. Edit: Lmao at all the copers. Piracy isn't morally clear, you're just a freeloading parasite. Well it's pretty nuanced like Nintendo  for example, if the only other way to play said game is spending hundreds or thousands of dollars on ebay to get the original cartridge alongside the console then it's no surprise people will resort to emulation as the alternative. being a pirate for big companies at this point in time makes you morally right. I only pirate stuff I paid for if they include Denuvo malware or publisher didn't remove it after set period of time. Yes, I paid for Persona 4 Golden only for me to not be able to play it one day because Denuvo servers got DDOS'd. It's a single player offline game. No it doesn't. If you principally disagree with decisions a company makes, stop consuming their products. Instead you just want their products for free out of personal greed. Again, I don't care if you're a pirate. Let's not pretend you're doing it for anyone but yourself. Not really. Private servers introduced P2W mechanics. They are probably cheaper than Genshin, since they don't have to spend a penny on R&D and advertising. Ultimately it was the private servers that forced old MMO like Ragnarok online to go f2p but with premium items. RO eventually stopped R&D. Updates slowed down eventually stopped. People left cause there is nothing new. private servers too? How Blizzard Entertainment explained it way back when they were going after World of Warcraft P-Servers: According to patent law, they are obligated to defend their IP, else the protection can be revoked (since inaction can be seen as no longer wanting / needing it to be protected). So yes: Private Servers are very much on any company's radar that does live service games. How do you even make bot do this If(quest == “active”){ Do quest; } Pretty much the gist of it. If only it was that easy That's... not how it works. I really hope this was a joke.
private servers too? Well can't blame em,afterall theyk inda give you the game for free because they hope you will atleast earn all the collected resource,either via time or money and private servers kinda just go around that part and give everything for free if I understand them right Because private servers are often linked to illegal profits and scams. The game is free but not open sourced, meaning all the assets of the game is copyrighted by mihoyo, private servers are not legal. Private servers also have a bunch of custom mods and cheating on it. For example, you can sell power ups to people for cheap, they will buy it to get the same experience + godly artifacts. Essentially it allows you to profiteer off a ripped game, except now you are mihoyo AND you sell your own shit to the people there. For example: 1600 primos to wish are now $5 instead of $10. And max pity is 60 instead of 90 or whatever. By the way you can just set it up on your own PC locally without needing to connect to anybody else's private server, you can do this locally and play Genshin completely offline. In fact on the GitHub of said private servers, they completely discourage you from playing on other people's private servers and just host your own. Suck that you can't really play the game in private servers since the quests don't work in the most recent versions, so it's just an walk simulator. Oh,I completely forgot about that part of the Situation,good point! It also gives them the ability to just shut off the game forever Privtes servers don't even work with half the stuff actually in game, there's no stamina, no damages, no cooldown. There's no point to play on private servers beside displaying unreleased content. Also having everything for free is agaisnt the very first interest of the game which is collecting. So its not like anybody would play that instead of the real game, therefore they are of no harm for them Welll as stated hoyo makes the game to sell their characters pretty much,if the private servers offer to give them out for Free,they obv would get mad. You are making assumptions based on private servers dataminers setup versus ones that can actually work like the regular game. The latter obviously works as intended while the former forgoes unnecessary stuff for the sake of just leaking models and animations. u/FineResponsibility61 is probably referring to the more popular private server out there. It's not that it's made for dataminers, but it tries to reverse engineer everything instead of using leaked server files and a lot of things aren't implemented properly. The servers that more accurately work like the regular game due to being based on Genshin official server files that were leaked back in 2022, but that was the last time those files where leaked so it only goes to patch 3.4. Anything past that requires reverse engineering the server sided code, and as far as I'm aware, nobody has fully done that. A lot of mechanics won't be implemented properly (or at all), so the combat will be very off with most characters released after 3.4. Playing through the story, quests and events from past 3.4 can require extensive private server command usage in many situations to not get stuck, and you will have to skip content to progress. I think it works better if you just want to play around with characters you don't have for a bit, being able to freely set up your team. The mechanics won't work properly, but at least you will be able to test their moveset and how they feel. Trying to play the story past 3.4 will probably just be frustrating though. Sounds like a bad piracy cope to justify private servers when they do in fact entice people to obtain things for free which otherwise had to be paid for. Be a pirate for all I care but let's not pretend you're morally in the clear. Edit: Lmao at all the copers. Piracy isn't morally clear, you're just a freeloading parasite. Well it's pretty nuanced like Nintendo  for example, if the only other way to play said game is spending hundreds or thousands of dollars on ebay to get the original cartridge alongside the console then it's no surprise people will resort to emulation as the alternative. being a pirate for big companies at this point in time makes you morally right. I only pirate stuff I paid for if they include Denuvo malware or publisher didn't remove it after set period of time. Yes, I paid for Persona 4 Golden only for me to not be able to play it one day because Denuvo servers got DDOS'd. It's a single player offline game. No it doesn't. If you principally disagree with decisions a company makes, stop consuming their products. Instead you just want their products for free out of personal greed. Again, I don't care if you're a pirate. Let's not pretend you're doing it for anyone but yourself. Not really. Private servers introduced P2W mechanics. They are probably cheaper than Genshin, since they don't have to spend a penny on R&D and advertising. Ultimately it was the private servers that forced old MMO like Ragnarok online to go f2p but with premium items. RO eventually stopped R&D. Updates slowed down eventually stopped. People left cause there is nothing new. private servers too? How Blizzard Entertainment explained it way back when they were going after World of Warcraft P-Servers: According to patent law, they are obligated to defend their IP, else the protection can be revoked (since inaction can be seen as no longer wanting / needing it to be protected). So yes: Private Servers are very much on any company's radar that does live service games.
Because private servers are often linked to illegal profits and scams. The game is free but not open sourced, meaning all the assets of the game is copyrighted by mihoyo, private servers are not legal. Private servers also have a bunch of custom mods and cheating on it. For example, you can sell power ups to people for cheap, they will buy it to get the same experience + godly artifacts. Essentially it allows you to profiteer off a ripped game, except now you are mihoyo AND you sell your own shit to the people there. For example: 1600 primos to wish are now $5 instead of $10. And max pity is 60 instead of 90 or whatever. By the way you can just set it up on your own PC locally without needing to connect to anybody else's private server, you can do this locally and play Genshin completely offline. In fact on the GitHub of said private servers, they completely discourage you from playing on other people's private servers and just host your own. Suck that you can't really play the game in private servers since the quests don't work in the most recent versions, so it's just an walk simulator. Oh,I completely forgot about that part of the Situation,good point! It also gives them the ability to just shut off the game forever
Private servers also have a bunch of custom mods and cheating on it. For example, you can sell power ups to people for cheap, they will buy it to get the same experience + godly artifacts. Essentially it allows you to profiteer off a ripped game, except now you are mihoyo AND you sell your own shit to the people there. For example: 1600 primos to wish are now $5 instead of $10. And max pity is 60 instead of 90 or whatever.
By the way you can just set it up on your own PC locally without needing to connect to anybody else's private server, you can do this locally and play Genshin completely offline. In fact on the GitHub of said private servers, they completely discourage you from playing on other people's private servers and just host your own. Suck that you can't really play the game in private servers since the quests don't work in the most recent versions, so it's just an walk simulator.
Suck that you can't really play the game in private servers since the quests don't work in the most recent versions, so it's just an walk simulator.
Oh,I completely forgot about that part of the Situation,good point!
It also gives them the ability to just shut off the game forever
Privtes servers don't even work with half the stuff actually in game, there's no stamina, no damages, no cooldown. There's no point to play on private servers beside displaying unreleased content. Also having everything for free is agaisnt the very first interest of the game which is collecting. So its not like anybody would play that instead of the real game, therefore they are of no harm for them Welll as stated hoyo makes the game to sell their characters pretty much,if the private servers offer to give them out for Free,they obv would get mad. You are making assumptions based on private servers dataminers setup versus ones that can actually work like the regular game. The latter obviously works as intended while the former forgoes unnecessary stuff for the sake of just leaking models and animations. u/FineResponsibility61 is probably referring to the more popular private server out there. It's not that it's made for dataminers, but it tries to reverse engineer everything instead of using leaked server files and a lot of things aren't implemented properly. The servers that more accurately work like the regular game due to being based on Genshin official server files that were leaked back in 2022, but that was the last time those files where leaked so it only goes to patch 3.4. Anything past that requires reverse engineering the server sided code, and as far as I'm aware, nobody has fully done that. A lot of mechanics won't be implemented properly (or at all), so the combat will be very off with most characters released after 3.4. Playing through the story, quests and events from past 3.4 can require extensive private server command usage in many situations to not get stuck, and you will have to skip content to progress. I think it works better if you just want to play around with characters you don't have for a bit, being able to freely set up your team. The mechanics won't work properly, but at least you will be able to test their moveset and how they feel. Trying to play the story past 3.4 will probably just be frustrating though. Sounds like a bad piracy cope to justify private servers when they do in fact entice people to obtain things for free which otherwise had to be paid for. Be a pirate for all I care but let's not pretend you're morally in the clear. Edit: Lmao at all the copers. Piracy isn't morally clear, you're just a freeloading parasite. Well it's pretty nuanced like Nintendo  for example, if the only other way to play said game is spending hundreds or thousands of dollars on ebay to get the original cartridge alongside the console then it's no surprise people will resort to emulation as the alternative. being a pirate for big companies at this point in time makes you morally right. I only pirate stuff I paid for if they include Denuvo malware or publisher didn't remove it after set period of time. Yes, I paid for Persona 4 Golden only for me to not be able to play it one day because Denuvo servers got DDOS'd. It's a single player offline game. No it doesn't. If you principally disagree with decisions a company makes, stop consuming their products. Instead you just want their products for free out of personal greed. Again, I don't care if you're a pirate. Let's not pretend you're doing it for anyone but yourself.
Welll as stated hoyo makes the game to sell their characters pretty much,if the private servers offer to give them out for Free,they obv would get mad.
You are making assumptions based on private servers dataminers setup versus ones that can actually work like the regular game. The latter obviously works as intended while the former forgoes unnecessary stuff for the sake of just leaking models and animations. u/FineResponsibility61 is probably referring to the more popular private server out there. It's not that it's made for dataminers, but it tries to reverse engineer everything instead of using leaked server files and a lot of things aren't implemented properly. The servers that more accurately work like the regular game due to being based on Genshin official server files that were leaked back in 2022, but that was the last time those files where leaked so it only goes to patch 3.4. Anything past that requires reverse engineering the server sided code, and as far as I'm aware, nobody has fully done that. A lot of mechanics won't be implemented properly (or at all), so the combat will be very off with most characters released after 3.4. Playing through the story, quests and events from past 3.4 can require extensive private server command usage in many situations to not get stuck, and you will have to skip content to progress. I think it works better if you just want to play around with characters you don't have for a bit, being able to freely set up your team. The mechanics won't work properly, but at least you will be able to test their moveset and how they feel. Trying to play the story past 3.4 will probably just be frustrating though.
u/FineResponsibility61 is probably referring to the more popular private server out there. It's not that it's made for dataminers, but it tries to reverse engineer everything instead of using leaked server files and a lot of things aren't implemented properly. The servers that more accurately work like the regular game due to being based on Genshin official server files that were leaked back in 2022, but that was the last time those files where leaked so it only goes to patch 3.4. Anything past that requires reverse engineering the server sided code, and as far as I'm aware, nobody has fully done that. A lot of mechanics won't be implemented properly (or at all), so the combat will be very off with most characters released after 3.4. Playing through the story, quests and events from past 3.4 can require extensive private server command usage in many situations to not get stuck, and you will have to skip content to progress. I think it works better if you just want to play around with characters you don't have for a bit, being able to freely set up your team. The mechanics won't work properly, but at least you will be able to test their moveset and how they feel. Trying to play the story past 3.4 will probably just be frustrating though.
Sounds like a bad piracy cope to justify private servers when they do in fact entice people to obtain things for free which otherwise had to be paid for. Be a pirate for all I care but let's not pretend you're morally in the clear. Edit: Lmao at all the copers. Piracy isn't morally clear, you're just a freeloading parasite. Well it's pretty nuanced like Nintendo  for example, if the only other way to play said game is spending hundreds or thousands of dollars on ebay to get the original cartridge alongside the console then it's no surprise people will resort to emulation as the alternative. being a pirate for big companies at this point in time makes you morally right. I only pirate stuff I paid for if they include Denuvo malware or publisher didn't remove it after set period of time. Yes, I paid for Persona 4 Golden only for me to not be able to play it one day because Denuvo servers got DDOS'd. It's a single player offline game. No it doesn't. If you principally disagree with decisions a company makes, stop consuming their products. Instead you just want their products for free out of personal greed. Again, I don't care if you're a pirate. Let's not pretend you're doing it for anyone but yourself.
Well it's pretty nuanced like Nintendo  for example, if the only other way to play said game is spending hundreds or thousands of dollars on ebay to get the original cartridge alongside the console then it's no surprise people will resort to emulation as the alternative.
being a pirate for big companies at this point in time makes you morally right. I only pirate stuff I paid for if they include Denuvo malware or publisher didn't remove it after set period of time. Yes, I paid for Persona 4 Golden only for me to not be able to play it one day because Denuvo servers got DDOS'd. It's a single player offline game. No it doesn't. If you principally disagree with decisions a company makes, stop consuming their products. Instead you just want their products for free out of personal greed. Again, I don't care if you're a pirate. Let's not pretend you're doing it for anyone but yourself.
I only pirate stuff I paid for if they include Denuvo malware or publisher didn't remove it after set period of time. Yes, I paid for Persona 4 Golden only for me to not be able to play it one day because Denuvo servers got DDOS'd. It's a single player offline game.
No it doesn't. If you principally disagree with decisions a company makes, stop consuming their products. Instead you just want their products for free out of personal greed. Again, I don't care if you're a pirate. Let's not pretend you're doing it for anyone but yourself.
Not really. Private servers introduced P2W mechanics. They are probably cheaper than Genshin, since they don't have to spend a penny on R&D and advertising. Ultimately it was the private servers that forced old MMO like Ragnarok online to go f2p but with premium items. RO eventually stopped R&D. Updates slowed down eventually stopped. People left cause there is nothing new.
private servers too? How Blizzard Entertainment explained it way back when they were going after World of Warcraft P-Servers: According to patent law, they are obligated to defend their IP, else the protection can be revoked (since inaction can be seen as no longer wanting / needing it to be protected). So yes: Private Servers are very much on any company's radar that does live service games.
How do you even make bot do this If(quest == “active”){ Do quest; } Pretty much the gist of it. If only it was that easy That's... not how it works. I really hope this was a joke.
If(quest == “active”){ Do quest; } Pretty much the gist of it. If only it was that easy That's... not how it works. I really hope this was a joke.
If only it was that easy
That's... not how it works. I really hope this was a joke.
"Cutting off the game plug-in industry chain, miHoYo and the police "draw the sword" against the black and gray industries miHoYo January 21, 2025 19:00 Recently, miHoYo and the police launched a special operation to combat cheating, and have made breakthrough progress, destroying several criminal gangs suspected of producing and selling cheats for the games "Genshin Impact" and "Honkai Impact 3". This special rights protection operation lasted for more than 6 months, and ultimately successfully arrested 32 related criminal suspects, detained 25 people, destroyed 27 Taobao stores, and the total amount involved exceeded one million yuan. For a long time, miHoYo's Legal Department has maintained a zero-tolerance attitude and has persisted in combating infringements such as pirated figures, plug-ins, private servers, and leaks. In the future, miHoYo's Legal Department will take the initiative to attack with more aggressive means, deeply combat the "black and gray industries" in the gaming industry, effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the majority of players, and escort the healthy development of the gaming industry. TECH OTAKUS SAVE THE WORLD" Google Translated. Edit: OP said 32 "arrested" instead of "suspects." 25 were Arrested/Detained. Head up that, as someone else pointed out at gachagaming, it's actually "Honkai: Star Rail", not "Honkai Impact 3". The "tech otakus save the world" got me lmao. China literally just sounds like a sci fi country
Head up that, as someone else pointed out at gachagaming, it's actually "Honkai: Star Rail", not "Honkai Impact 3".
The "tech otakus save the world" got me lmao. China literally just sounds like a sci fi country
probably using cheat to make and sell accounts to profit so it involved polices , I saw a lot of accounts using cheat to complete all quests , explorations , abyss and then sold to other people
They are going after the cheat creators I'm assuming. cheaters themselves are just small fishes.
Recently, miHoYo and the police launched a special operation to combat cheating, this has led to a breakthrough and destroyed several criminal gangs suspected of producing and selling cheats for "Genshin Impact" and "Honkai Impact 3". This operation lasted for more than 6 months, and at the end successfully arrested 32 suspects, detained 25, closed 27 Taobao stores, and the total amount involved in this exceeded 1 million yuan. For a long time, miHoYo's Legal Department has maintained a zero-tolerance policy and has persisted in combating infringements such as pirated content, plug-ins, private servers, and leaks. In the future, miHoYo's Legal Department will take the initiative to attack more aggressively to deeply combat the black and gray area in the gaming industry, effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of most players, and ensure healthy development of the gaming industry. My Chinese isn't that good. But it looks like criminals are going to be suffering. Hopefully it's only those who profited from these unfair means. This would make sense then why leaks went downhill all of the sudden as well. Hoyo actually intervened, it seems. Not that there was many good leakers left after Ubacha stopped, after all😅
This would make sense then why leaks went downhill all of the sudden as well. Hoyo actually intervened, it seems. Not that there was many good leakers left after Ubacha stopped, after all😅
That explains the fuck load of hackers ive been seeing online 1 shotting weeklies With the exception of easier bosses like childe of course 用户已删除评论
用户已删除评论
Seems a lot of people have yet to realise that piracy on a commercial scale is criminal in most areas of the world.
Why would you ever need to cheat in this pve game.... EDIT: Or any game, to be honest. To get characters you want without having to pay or having to pick and choose Honestly, with how predatory most of these games can be, I understand Some people seem to be incapable of understanding the nuances of difference between legality and morality. While Hoyo is legally in the right to hunt down cheaters, morally they are just going after the guys banking in on a problem that Hoyo themselves help create (through predatory practices). Edit: Just so it's clear, I don't think that the guys profiting off of cheats are heroes. But neither are Hoyo who are just protecting their business which is financially harmful to people with poor impulse control. Ehh depends on the game. Cheat codes use to be fun asf back in the day on Grand Theft Auto. Pretty sure i can still remember the button inputs. Also I have childhood memories from having a gameshark and the little booklet that comes with it age of empires with the car killing civilians always hilarious Cheat codes are different though, those are intentionally put in the game. Plenty of people enjoyed the Game Genie back in the day. Those cheats weren't built in, but they were still fun to play around with. Well, except for those cases where the Game Genie wound up nuking your save files, or whatever. :P Those were cheat codes programmed into the game and supplied by the developer though. Theres also this one code Up up down down left right left right B A Changing movesets and abilities of pokemon was fun as f*ck Yeah and being able to spawn whatever mon i want at the start is dope. If I want to run through the game with the pokemon devil that's my right! Yeah, Vice City, GTA, and even Bethesda games like Fallout, where you can just be lazy and avoid grinding, haha. Those are different. And for an offline game Like I said, depends on the game Cheats were baked in games. Usually for debugging or testing. Common ones are the up down left right A B select start or the "I see dead people". Those were live even before mods were a thing. It's fun to do things that are "naughty" You want primos from the abyss? Fast leveling accounts to sell ? I guess if one only cares about the combat, a cheat that lets up claim all the primos and achievements can be useful. in the case of this people to get primos easily and they even got cheats to get primos directly but those are easily banned, ive seen people buying accounts and the account has level 50 characters with the entire abyss cleared and all maps totally cleaned of primos, even unaccessible zones are unlocked with cheated teleport Having Fun creating Chaos Imagine thinking about the morality when you're already playing a predator game. And also, there's nothing wrong if you ever cheat on a single player game since it doesn't affect anyone but you. I don't see a problem cheating in a offline game, for fun. Cmon we all spawned cars in gta right ? Because some games are horribly balanced or have terrible anti-player mechanics. Gacha systems are a prime example of an anti-player mechanic. Isnt gettinf arrested too much anyways? But i agree Pretty sure making cheats requires reverse engineering the game’s codes, which probably violates copyright laws + they made over a million yuan (>100K USD) which counts as exploitation of HoYo’s intellectual property Creating cheat software and selling it will get you in legal trouble if the company decides to go after you. Plenty of cases like this. Asia's a bit more serious about people cheating in games. Considering that this is potentially eating into Hoyo's revenues and using their IP in a way they explicitly forbid, I don't think it's necessarily too much. I wouldn't expect the people involved to end up rotting in prison or anything, but fines seem appropriate. making cheats is different than just using them they are cheat makers aka profiting and getting people banned after profiting for it, is the same as the world of warcraft mafia controlling gold and the auction house, they even send death treats to people exposing them now like content creators, the wow mafia farms gold with bots and is expected to do 3m dollars a month from it so imagine how much it affects the games, legit theres criminals involved on this things because is easier to cheat on a game and profiting from the dumb masses buying gold/accounts than robbing irl
To get characters you want without having to pay or having to pick and choose Honestly, with how predatory most of these games can be, I understand Some people seem to be incapable of understanding the nuances of difference between legality and morality. While Hoyo is legally in the right to hunt down cheaters, morally they are just going after the guys banking in on a problem that Hoyo themselves help create (through predatory practices). Edit: Just so it's clear, I don't think that the guys profiting off of cheats are heroes. But neither are Hoyo who are just protecting their business which is financially harmful to people with poor impulse control.
Honestly, with how predatory most of these games can be, I understand Some people seem to be incapable of understanding the nuances of difference between legality and morality. While Hoyo is legally in the right to hunt down cheaters, morally they are just going after the guys banking in on a problem that Hoyo themselves help create (through predatory practices). Edit: Just so it's clear, I don't think that the guys profiting off of cheats are heroes. But neither are Hoyo who are just protecting their business which is financially harmful to people with poor impulse control.
Some people seem to be incapable of understanding the nuances of difference between legality and morality. While Hoyo is legally in the right to hunt down cheaters, morally they are just going after the guys banking in on a problem that Hoyo themselves help create (through predatory practices). Edit: Just so it's clear, I don't think that the guys profiting off of cheats are heroes. But neither are Hoyo who are just protecting their business which is financially harmful to people with poor impulse control.
Ehh depends on the game. Cheat codes use to be fun asf back in the day on Grand Theft Auto. Pretty sure i can still remember the button inputs. Also I have childhood memories from having a gameshark and the little booklet that comes with it age of empires with the car killing civilians always hilarious Cheat codes are different though, those are intentionally put in the game. Plenty of people enjoyed the Game Genie back in the day. Those cheats weren't built in, but they were still fun to play around with. Well, except for those cases where the Game Genie wound up nuking your save files, or whatever. :P Those were cheat codes programmed into the game and supplied by the developer though. Theres also this one code Up up down down left right left right B A Changing movesets and abilities of pokemon was fun as f*ck Yeah and being able to spawn whatever mon i want at the start is dope. If I want to run through the game with the pokemon devil that's my right! Yeah, Vice City, GTA, and even Bethesda games like Fallout, where you can just be lazy and avoid grinding, haha. Those are different. And for an offline game Like I said, depends on the game
age of empires with the car killing civilians always hilarious
Cheat codes are different though, those are intentionally put in the game. Plenty of people enjoyed the Game Genie back in the day. Those cheats weren't built in, but they were still fun to play around with. Well, except for those cases where the Game Genie wound up nuking your save files, or whatever. :P
Plenty of people enjoyed the Game Genie back in the day. Those cheats weren't built in, but they were still fun to play around with. Well, except for those cases where the Game Genie wound up nuking your save files, or whatever. :P
Those were cheat codes programmed into the game and supplied by the developer though.
Theres also this one code Up up down down left right left right B A
Changing movesets and abilities of pokemon was fun as f*ck Yeah and being able to spawn whatever mon i want at the start is dope. If I want to run through the game with the pokemon devil that's my right!
Yeah and being able to spawn whatever mon i want at the start is dope. If I want to run through the game with the pokemon devil that's my right!
Yeah, Vice City, GTA, and even Bethesda games like Fallout, where you can just be lazy and avoid grinding, haha.
Those are different. And for an offline game Like I said, depends on the game
Like I said, depends on the game
Cheats were baked in games. Usually for debugging or testing. Common ones are the up down left right A B select start or the "I see dead people". Those were live even before mods were a thing. It's fun to do things that are "naughty"
You want primos from the abyss? Fast leveling accounts to sell ?
I guess if one only cares about the combat, a cheat that lets up claim all the primos and achievements can be useful.
in the case of this people to get primos easily and they even got cheats to get primos directly but those are easily banned, ive seen people buying accounts and the account has level 50 characters with the entire abyss cleared and all maps totally cleaned of primos, even unaccessible zones are unlocked with cheated teleport
Having Fun creating Chaos
Imagine thinking about the morality when you're already playing a predator game. And also, there's nothing wrong if you ever cheat on a single player game since it doesn't affect anyone but you.
I don't see a problem cheating in a offline game, for fun. Cmon we all spawned cars in gta right ?
Because some games are horribly balanced or have terrible anti-player mechanics. Gacha systems are a prime example of an anti-player mechanic.
Isnt gettinf arrested too much anyways? But i agree Pretty sure making cheats requires reverse engineering the game’s codes, which probably violates copyright laws + they made over a million yuan (>100K USD) which counts as exploitation of HoYo’s intellectual property Creating cheat software and selling it will get you in legal trouble if the company decides to go after you. Plenty of cases like this. Asia's a bit more serious about people cheating in games. Considering that this is potentially eating into Hoyo's revenues and using their IP in a way they explicitly forbid, I don't think it's necessarily too much. I wouldn't expect the people involved to end up rotting in prison or anything, but fines seem appropriate. making cheats is different than just using them they are cheat makers aka profiting and getting people banned after profiting for it, is the same as the world of warcraft mafia controlling gold and the auction house, they even send death treats to people exposing them now like content creators, the wow mafia farms gold with bots and is expected to do 3m dollars a month from it so imagine how much it affects the games, legit theres criminals involved on this things because is easier to cheat on a game and profiting from the dumb masses buying gold/accounts than robbing irl
Pretty sure making cheats requires reverse engineering the game’s codes, which probably violates copyright laws + they made over a million yuan (>100K USD) which counts as exploitation of HoYo’s intellectual property
Creating cheat software and selling it will get you in legal trouble if the company decides to go after you. Plenty of cases like this.
Asia's a bit more serious about people cheating in games. Considering that this is potentially eating into Hoyo's revenues and using their IP in a way they explicitly forbid, I don't think it's necessarily too much. I wouldn't expect the people involved to end up rotting in prison or anything, but fines seem appropriate.
making cheats is different than just using them
they are cheat makers aka profiting and getting people banned after profiting for it, is the same as the world of warcraft mafia controlling gold and the auction house, they even send death treats to people exposing them now like content creators, the wow mafia farms gold with bots and is expected to do 3m dollars a month from it so imagine how much it affects the games, legit theres criminals involved on this things because is easier to cheat on a game and profiting from the dumb masses buying gold/accounts than robbing irl
Ummm, why is everyone talking about IP infringement? that's not a criminal offense in China in and of itself. These guys probably got arrested/derltained for 非法侵入计算机系统罪/illegally infiltrating computer systems, since all cheats on Genshin would involve manipulating data on the server side, and they probably fit the number criteria since they have monetary gain, and the prosecutable amount is only 5000 yuan or 50 affected computer system. You're half correct about the cheats. Manipulating values like primos, which are saved server side, would in fact require access to their infrastructure or APIs or whatever else they use to make the transactions between client and server Values like character health, damage, speed, etc are client side and can be manipulated without interacting with the server at all. Stuff like one shoting enemies, flying all around the map, instantaneous teleporting are done by manipulating values in the client. You're right, a lot of mods can work without server side infiltration. Frame unlock and skins immediately comes to mind. But I'm pretty sure damage and health is still server side,  since I have garbage lag on my iPad and loses some time in abyss because of damage being lagged half a second. The actual HP and damage calcs are server side, but when the client sends a message saying "yes, I totally just used Raiden's burst 20 times in a row", the server will believe that, and perform and apply the calcs.
You're half correct about the cheats. Manipulating values like primos, which are saved server side, would in fact require access to their infrastructure or APIs or whatever else they use to make the transactions between client and server Values like character health, damage, speed, etc are client side and can be manipulated without interacting with the server at all. Stuff like one shoting enemies, flying all around the map, instantaneous teleporting are done by manipulating values in the client. You're right, a lot of mods can work without server side infiltration. Frame unlock and skins immediately comes to mind. But I'm pretty sure damage and health is still server side,  since I have garbage lag on my iPad and loses some time in abyss because of damage being lagged half a second. The actual HP and damage calcs are server side, but when the client sends a message saying "yes, I totally just used Raiden's burst 20 times in a row", the server will believe that, and perform and apply the calcs.
You're right, a lot of mods can work without server side infiltration. Frame unlock and skins immediately comes to mind. But I'm pretty sure damage and health is still server side,  since I have garbage lag on my iPad and loses some time in abyss because of damage being lagged half a second. The actual HP and damage calcs are server side, but when the client sends a message saying "yes, I totally just used Raiden's burst 20 times in a row", the server will believe that, and perform and apply the calcs.
The actual HP and damage calcs are server side, but when the client sends a message saying "yes, I totally just used Raiden's burst 20 times in a row", the server will believe that, and perform and apply the calcs.
Lol the comments here siding for the cheating creators are quite astounding The Mental gymnastics to make it sounds okay is weird 😂😂😂 It's their IP property. Womp womp 🤷🤷 and this is why world of warcraft has a gold mafia controlling the economy, they make 3m dollars a month and send death threats to people exposing them, theres clowns defending this all the time because they buy gold themselves and is easier than farming it in classic A lot of people unironically believe that it's okay to financially harm companies purely because they make more money. The ironic thing is that if these guys weren't turning cheating into a business, hoyo would probably just leave them alone. There's a huge, bustling skin modding community for Genshin, that have been thriving for years without getting banned or attacked by Hoyo. All the mods are free, and the creators, at most, only ask for patreon donations to get early access.  The same modding community now has spread to other Hoyo games, and even other non-Hoyo 3d gachas. Yes it's against their ToS but I don't think they care enough to enforce it. Their games have kernel-level anti-cheat, so skin mods which modify VRAM can be detected. Given the pace at which they produce skins (about 4-5 a year), it's not part of their monetization strategy. "All the mods are free" Except the ones 100% locked behind a patreon paywall. So, you know, a large percentage of them, including almost all of the good ones. My disdain for paid mods grows progressively with every day. I remember the ZZZ youtube community post that soft confirmed that skin mods are fine, iirc they said something like this: any mods that affect gameplay is not allowed. I did enjoy having Genshin Impact skin mods in Lethal Company.  Technically against Hoyo's policies, but yeah since it was free skin mods, they don't care.  Vastly different than selling hacked accounts and operating unsanctioned private servers of Genshin Impact. nah they cheat most likely thats why they defend it, marvel rivals is getting a lot of cheaters lately too and cheaters are always defending their right to cheat, they think is an actual right lmao That would explain the two people in here who are grasping any straw they can think of to make this theft be ok. I guess it's similar to piracy, they aren't stealing anything but it is copyright infringement. I dont need to do any as I keep a consistent attitude of I dont give a shit about IP law 😇
and this is why world of warcraft has a gold mafia controlling the economy, they make 3m dollars a month and send death threats to people exposing them, theres clowns defending this all the time because they buy gold themselves and is easier than farming it in classic
A lot of people unironically believe that it's okay to financially harm companies purely because they make more money. The ironic thing is that if these guys weren't turning cheating into a business, hoyo would probably just leave them alone. There's a huge, bustling skin modding community for Genshin, that have been thriving for years without getting banned or attacked by Hoyo. All the mods are free, and the creators, at most, only ask for patreon donations to get early access.  The same modding community now has spread to other Hoyo games, and even other non-Hoyo 3d gachas. Yes it's against their ToS but I don't think they care enough to enforce it. Their games have kernel-level anti-cheat, so skin mods which modify VRAM can be detected. Given the pace at which they produce skins (about 4-5 a year), it's not part of their monetization strategy. "All the mods are free" Except the ones 100% locked behind a patreon paywall. So, you know, a large percentage of them, including almost all of the good ones. My disdain for paid mods grows progressively with every day. I remember the ZZZ youtube community post that soft confirmed that skin mods are fine, iirc they said something like this: any mods that affect gameplay is not allowed. I did enjoy having Genshin Impact skin mods in Lethal Company.  Technically against Hoyo's policies, but yeah since it was free skin mods, they don't care.  Vastly different than selling hacked accounts and operating unsanctioned private servers of Genshin Impact. nah they cheat most likely thats why they defend it, marvel rivals is getting a lot of cheaters lately too and cheaters are always defending their right to cheat, they think is an actual right lmao That would explain the two people in here who are grasping any straw they can think of to make this theft be ok.
The ironic thing is that if these guys weren't turning cheating into a business, hoyo would probably just leave them alone. There's a huge, bustling skin modding community for Genshin, that have been thriving for years without getting banned or attacked by Hoyo. All the mods are free, and the creators, at most, only ask for patreon donations to get early access.  The same modding community now has spread to other Hoyo games, and even other non-Hoyo 3d gachas. Yes it's against their ToS but I don't think they care enough to enforce it. Their games have kernel-level anti-cheat, so skin mods which modify VRAM can be detected. Given the pace at which they produce skins (about 4-5 a year), it's not part of their monetization strategy. "All the mods are free" Except the ones 100% locked behind a patreon paywall. So, you know, a large percentage of them, including almost all of the good ones. My disdain for paid mods grows progressively with every day. I remember the ZZZ youtube community post that soft confirmed that skin mods are fine, iirc they said something like this: any mods that affect gameplay is not allowed. I did enjoy having Genshin Impact skin mods in Lethal Company.  Technically against Hoyo's policies, but yeah since it was free skin mods, they don't care.  Vastly different than selling hacked accounts and operating unsanctioned private servers of Genshin Impact.
"All the mods are free" Except the ones 100% locked behind a patreon paywall. So, you know, a large percentage of them, including almost all of the good ones. My disdain for paid mods grows progressively with every day.
I remember the ZZZ youtube community post that soft confirmed that skin mods are fine, iirc they said something like this: any mods that affect gameplay is not allowed.
I did enjoy having Genshin Impact skin mods in Lethal Company.  Technically against Hoyo's policies, but yeah since it was free skin mods, they don't care.  Vastly different than selling hacked accounts and operating unsanctioned private servers of Genshin Impact.
nah they cheat most likely thats why they defend it, marvel rivals is getting a lot of cheaters lately too and cheaters are always defending their right to cheat, they think is an actual right lmao That would explain the two people in here who are grasping any straw they can think of to make this theft be ok.
That would explain the two people in here who are grasping any straw they can think of to make this theft be ok.
I guess it's similar to piracy, they aren't stealing anything but it is copyright infringement.
I dont need to do any as I keep a consistent attitude of I dont give a shit about IP law 😇
well... fk around and find out 😂
There had been a lot of players showing off (accidentally or on purpose) them using cheats in co-op domains. You can usually tell when it happens, and other players will inevitably report them. Also some cheat developers actually make some for competitive events too, like windtrace, and that definitely takes the fun out. Good on Hoyo for actually taking care of this.
I swear some people in this thread either don't know how laws work or are so far up the anti-establishment ass that they think anything that negatively affects companies is justified.
"It's a single player game! Cheating doesn't hurt anyone!" Why are some people in the comments acting like Kaveh incident never happened? go check world of warcraft and the gold mafia making 3m dollars a month, having people banned constantly and flooding the markets with cheats and gold, they send death threats to people exposing them and now they got their bots mass reporting people who kill the bots since the community join the bot killers because they are a problem, sites like epicnpc and playerauctions have hacked accounts that have everythign explored in ar 35-45 even parts of the map that are unlocked with a quest are explored 100% and abyss cleared till floor 12 with one or 2 characters in level 50, they sell those accounts to someone and it gets banend a month later making the cheater profit from people that will most likely never play again after that Why are some people in the comments acting like Kaveh incident never happened? because it technically never happened from what i remember people did it on private servers never on live servers but it would have been working on live servers Official statement from back then Doesn't matter where the bug/hack/whatever was exploited, the incident happened and officially recognized by Hoyo. The bug is real, but no one affect on the offical server since it require a specific hack.
go check world of warcraft and the gold mafia making 3m dollars a month, having people banned constantly and flooding the markets with cheats and gold, they send death threats to people exposing them and now they got their bots mass reporting people who kill the bots since the community join the bot killers because they are a problem, sites like epicnpc and playerauctions have hacked accounts that have everythign explored in ar 35-45 even parts of the map that are unlocked with a quest are explored 100% and abyss cleared till floor 12 with one or 2 characters in level 50, they sell those accounts to someone and it gets banend a month later making the cheater profit from people that will most likely never play again after that
Why are some people in the comments acting like Kaveh incident never happened? because it technically never happened from what i remember people did it on private servers never on live servers but it would have been working on live servers Official statement from back then Doesn't matter where the bug/hack/whatever was exploited, the incident happened and officially recognized by Hoyo. The bug is real, but no one affect on the offical server since it require a specific hack.
Official statement from back then Doesn't matter where the bug/hack/whatever was exploited, the incident happened and officially recognized by Hoyo. The bug is real, but no one affect on the offical server since it require a specific hack.
The bug is real, but no one affect on the offical server since it require a specific hack.
Cheaters never win. Except when they do.
lol what a timing
To uranium mines they go!
world of warcraft and the gold mafia making 3m dollars a month, having people banned constantly and flooding the markets with cheats and gold, they send death threats to people exposing them and now they got their bots mass reporting people who kill the bots since the community join the bot killers because they are a problem, sites like epicnpc and playerauctions have hacked accounts that have everything explored in ar 35-45, even parts of the map that are unlocked with a quest are explored 100% and abyss cleared till floor 12 with one or 2 characters in level 50, they sell those accounts to someone and it gets banend a month later making the cheater profit from people that will most likely never play again after that, i buy an account before for a friend but from a trusty source that sold the accounts unexplored and only with rerolled characters and no primos, the new accounts are all cheated with massive resources from having all regions explored with speed hacks and teleport hacks, even damage hacks for the abyss.
I hope they don't go after the skin mods. You also need a plugin to make them work. So far no cases regarding skin mods being hunted down by Hoyo probably cause they aren't hurting them financially, are free and doesn't provide any advantage rather it just extends the player's retention. It is still illegal but as always keep it to yourself and don't share anything openly.
So far no cases regarding skin mods being hunted down by Hoyo probably cause they aren't hurting them financially, are free and doesn't provide any advantage rather it just extends the player's retention. It is still illegal but as always keep it to yourself and don't share anything openly.
Is this about those websites that sell genesys crystal a little bit cheaper? edit: this fandom is wild, i was just asking a question. People are hyper invested in their casino which is catching regulatory attention now anyway. These people would complain about 5 stars being made free over time like in Hi3rd because it devalued their whaling.
People are hyper invested in their casino which is catching regulatory attention now anyway. These people would complain about 5 stars being made free over time like in Hi3rd because it devalued their whaling.
Law is law. You can suck on your morality as much as you like, but law is still a law.
Translation? Explanation? Anything?
Arrested under criminal charges? For what? Infringing on IP law is now a criminal offense in China? In West, they'd be served with civil charges, and if found guilty, they'd be ordered to pay hefty fines, often in millions. I don't know how I feel reading how state and it's criminal justice aparatus becomes involved in what should be a resolved by a civil lawsuit. You should see what happened to MMO gold botters in SK. Similar case.
You should see what happened to MMO gold botters in SK. Similar case.
It's not just plug-ins, but unauthorised merchandise, private servers, leakers and other activities that infringes upon their rights, that were targetted.
it cannot be enforced as hard outside of China. It will be up to the national governments. I wish intellectual property can be protected well. At the same time creative and responsible use can be done without profit/for fun.
wow. the amount of ccp bots here are staggering 🤣🤣🤣
Wait so what exactly do Genshin cheats do? Like the only thing I can imagine are better rolls. Saw a video on TikTok and some of thee cheats are absolute wild and blatant. Literally the person is flying around and instantly completing challenges and looting the chests, every chest on the map is completely marked also. Off the top of my head, you can highlight all unopened/unclaimed chests/oculi with a pointer on your screen to them, teleport basically anywhere, and multiply your damage. Multiplying your damage is a big one because bots often use it to clear up to floor 8 of the abyss, and then proceed to sell the accounts with sales pitches like '20k primos reroll account!' and so on.
Saw a video on TikTok and some of thee cheats are absolute wild and blatant. Literally the person is flying around and instantly completing challenges and looting the chests, every chest on the map is completely marked also.
Off the top of my head, you can highlight all unopened/unclaimed chests/oculi with a pointer on your screen to them, teleport basically anywhere, and multiply your damage. Multiplying your damage is a big one because bots often use it to clear up to floor 8 of the abyss, and then proceed to sell the accounts with sales pitches like '20k primos reroll account!' and so on.
Ohhhh
Damn, whats the website where it can be downloaded so I know to avoid it??
Arrested? Lmao fuck Mihoyo. If people want to cheat in a single player game, they should be allowed to. Oh, no, wait, that might cost Mihoyo a couple percent off their 1000% RoE, the line needs to go up more.
LITERALLY 1984!
It depends on how beneficial they are; otherwise, those people are set to become martyrs.
Cool, fewer people with really strong units with a lot of cons asking how to build a team when the units are from year 1.
