================================================================================  评论列表:
Sus track me Does he know? Who's gonna tell him?🤣🤣🤣🤣 Poor guy Gotta be bait She kinda bad tho....is that frost ??? I laughed wayyyy too hard at this lmao ESPECIALLY cause I was in the middle of a Berlin gameplay I mean people are basically having kids with spiders and farm animals in this game……. J/s
Does he know? Who's gonna tell him?🤣🤣🤣🤣 Poor guy Gotta be bait
Who's gonna tell him?🤣🤣🤣🤣 Poor guy
Poor guy
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: UrM8N8 点赞: 159 时间: 2024-10-04T22:38:07.554000+0000 内容: Gotta be bait
She kinda bad tho....is that frost ??? I laughed wayyyy too hard at this lmao ESPECIALLY cause I was in the middle of a Berlin gameplay
I laughed wayyyy too hard at this lmao ESPECIALLY cause I was in the middle of a Berlin gameplay
I mean people are basically having kids with spiders and farm animals in this game……. J/s
I think it's a male character you know Don’t do this to me bro Bro, Nezha is literally the embodiment of "he's a 300yo man in a 12yo body I swear it's not weird!" He's also an incredibly powerful God and should pop up multiple times in future games and (fingers crossed) might even be a candidate for a game of his own in the future He's got his own set of bad-ass enchanted weapons and relics like a spear that shoots fire and rollerblade feet. According to somewhat recent development plans from Game Science Black Myth is ideally a trilogy, the second of which dedicated to Nezha. Finally someone's making a good Hot Wheels game. I thought the rumour said it was based on Jiang Ziya? Whom is the MC of Investiture of the Gods, which takes place before JTTW. Nezha and Erlang are his assistants in that novel. Not assistants, but major characters Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other. Loved the movies of him Might be time to look into yourself and find who you really are. Berleezy moment🤣🤣🤣🤣 Bro no way he had a “she kinda bad tho moment” 💀 Is that frost? That's gotta be berleezy's greatest clip of all time. Lol that and his Detroit Become Human ending. Bro is clueless. Still love my guy though. 😂😂 Michael, am I gay? Yes his name is nezha The warframe character of the same name is based on him Broski questioning his whole life now 😭 Don’t worry NeZha is made of lotus root and not a mortal being. And in that famous 1986 Journey to the West TV show if I recall correctly NeZha was portrayed by 2 actors, one male one female The HK version (1996) NeZha was portrayed by a girl, because he's supposed to look like he's 12 and also talks like a 12yo boy. It's a male character through and through.  Not sexually confused, or tran tendency. Nezha story dated back 3000+ years.  He was born an animation.  His father (now also a god, holding that tower on his hand) despised him. So his story was also a rebellious story like Wukong.  Although he was no way as powerful as Wukong enough to turn the whole universe upside down. He was killed, and resurrected.  His body was stuck as a 10 year old boy. Nezha's a dude Haha, i saw those side buns and thought it was a Chica too. Yo that's kind of gay u know. Oh she bad, is that frost?
Don’t do this to me bro Bro, Nezha is literally the embodiment of "he's a 300yo man in a 12yo body I swear it's not weird!" He's also an incredibly powerful God and should pop up multiple times in future games and (fingers crossed) might even be a candidate for a game of his own in the future He's got his own set of bad-ass enchanted weapons and relics like a spear that shoots fire and rollerblade feet. According to somewhat recent development plans from Game Science Black Myth is ideally a trilogy, the second of which dedicated to Nezha. Finally someone's making a good Hot Wheels game. I thought the rumour said it was based on Jiang Ziya? Whom is the MC of Investiture of the Gods, which takes place before JTTW. Nezha and Erlang are his assistants in that novel. Not assistants, but major characters Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other. Loved the movies of him Might be time to look into yourself and find who you really are. Berleezy moment🤣🤣🤣🤣 Bro no way he had a “she kinda bad tho moment” 💀 Is that frost? That's gotta be berleezy's greatest clip of all time. Lol that and his Detroit Become Human ending. Bro is clueless. Still love my guy though. 😂😂 Michael, am I gay? Yes his name is nezha The warframe character of the same name is based on him Broski questioning his whole life now 😭 Don’t worry NeZha is made of lotus root and not a mortal being. And in that famous 1986 Journey to the West TV show if I recall correctly NeZha was portrayed by 2 actors, one male one female The HK version (1996) NeZha was portrayed by a girl, because he's supposed to look like he's 12 and also talks like a 12yo boy. It's a male character through and through.  Not sexually confused, or tran tendency. Nezha story dated back 3000+ years.  He was born an animation.  His father (now also a god, holding that tower on his hand) despised him. So his story was also a rebellious story like Wukong.  Although he was no way as powerful as Wukong enough to turn the whole universe upside down. He was killed, and resurrected.  His body was stuck as a 10 year old boy. Nezha's a dude Haha, i saw those side buns and thought it was a Chica too. Yo that's kind of gay u know.
Bro, Nezha is literally the embodiment of "he's a 300yo man in a 12yo body I swear it's not weird!" He's also an incredibly powerful God and should pop up multiple times in future games and (fingers crossed) might even be a candidate for a game of his own in the future He's got his own set of bad-ass enchanted weapons and relics like a spear that shoots fire and rollerblade feet. According to somewhat recent development plans from Game Science Black Myth is ideally a trilogy, the second of which dedicated to Nezha. Finally someone's making a good Hot Wheels game. I thought the rumour said it was based on Jiang Ziya? Whom is the MC of Investiture of the Gods, which takes place before JTTW. Nezha and Erlang are his assistants in that novel. Not assistants, but major characters Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other. Loved the movies of him
According to somewhat recent development plans from Game Science Black Myth is ideally a trilogy, the second of which dedicated to Nezha. Finally someone's making a good Hot Wheels game. I thought the rumour said it was based on Jiang Ziya? Whom is the MC of Investiture of the Gods, which takes place before JTTW. Nezha and Erlang are his assistants in that novel. Not assistants, but major characters Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other.
Finally someone's making a good Hot Wheels game.
I thought the rumour said it was based on Jiang Ziya? Whom is the MC of Investiture of the Gods, which takes place before JTTW. Nezha and Erlang are his assistants in that novel. Not assistants, but major characters Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other.
Not assistants, but major characters Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other.
Nezha is important to the story but it's not HIS story He's got his own journey they can make a game out of, that's why I think a lot of these characters will intersect as they produce more games and expand the JTTW franchise story. They are all heavily involved in their own shit when they aren't interacting with each other.
Loved the movies of him
Might be time to look into yourself and find who you really are. Berleezy moment🤣🤣🤣🤣 Bro no way he had a “she kinda bad tho moment” 💀 Is that frost? That's gotta be berleezy's greatest clip of all time. Lol that and his Detroit Become Human ending. Bro is clueless. Still love my guy though. 😂😂 Michael, am I gay?
Berleezy moment🤣🤣🤣🤣 Bro no way he had a “she kinda bad tho moment” 💀 Is that frost? That's gotta be berleezy's greatest clip of all time. Lol that and his Detroit Become Human ending. Bro is clueless. Still love my guy though. 😂😂
Bro no way he had a “she kinda bad tho moment” 💀 Is that frost?
Is that frost?
That's gotta be berleezy's greatest clip of all time. Lol that and his Detroit Become Human ending. Bro is clueless. Still love my guy though. 😂😂
Michael, am I gay?
Yes his name is nezha The warframe character of the same name is based on him
The warframe character of the same name is based on him
Broski questioning his whole life now 😭
Don’t worry NeZha is made of lotus root and not a mortal being. And in that famous 1986 Journey to the West TV show if I recall correctly NeZha was portrayed by 2 actors, one male one female The HK version (1996) NeZha was portrayed by a girl, because he's supposed to look like he's 12 and also talks like a 12yo boy.
The HK version (1996) NeZha was portrayed by a girl, because he's supposed to look like he's 12 and also talks like a 12yo boy.
It's a male character through and through.  Not sexually confused, or tran tendency. Nezha story dated back 3000+ years.  He was born an animation.  His father (now also a god, holding that tower on his hand) despised him. So his story was also a rebellious story like Wukong.  Although he was no way as powerful as Wukong enough to turn the whole universe upside down. He was killed, and resurrected.  His body was stuck as a 10 year old boy.
Nezha's a dude
Haha, i saw those side buns and thought it was a Chica too.
Yo that's kind of gay u know.
Oh she bad, is that frost?
Nezha, third prince, son of the heavenly pagoda king. Has 72 transformations same as wukong. Son? Maybe he can use one of his 72 transformations to transform into a girl for u buddy Well, both Wukong and Erlang swapped genders to prank each other too I heard no wonder Erlang missed him 😔 Hes been thinking of him every day since. Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey Erlang, makes love to and impregnates this strange, beautiful girl, willing to settle down with her till the end of her lifetime. Wukong Detransforms HAHA. PRANKED! Their nightlife must be wild I mean wukong turned into a girl to mess with bajie, so probably. To be fair, he's described as having an androgynous appearance due to forever being stuck at the physical appearance of 13 or something, as a result of his master remaking his body out of a lotus. ... Wait that sounds worse for you. Dam bro you gonna have to do some soul searching after this one 🤣 Bro gonna reach enlightment with this one.🤣 Bro gonna attain Buddha after this Yeah it’s a he, but quite androgynous looking 😅 If u mean the twin buns, its a hairstyle for young boys 💀 its basically indicating how old he is Don't worry bro, when I was 14, I used to read Hong Kong comic, always found Nezha attractive. Turned out I'm gay.
Son? Maybe he can use one of his 72 transformations to transform into a girl for u buddy Well, both Wukong and Erlang swapped genders to prank each other too I heard no wonder Erlang missed him 😔 Hes been thinking of him every day since. Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey Erlang, makes love to and impregnates this strange, beautiful girl, willing to settle down with her till the end of her lifetime. Wukong Detransforms HAHA. PRANKED! Their nightlife must be wild I mean wukong turned into a girl to mess with bajie, so probably. To be fair, he's described as having an androgynous appearance due to forever being stuck at the physical appearance of 13 or something, as a result of his master remaking his body out of a lotus. ... Wait that sounds worse for you. Dam bro you gonna have to do some soul searching after this one 🤣 Bro gonna reach enlightment with this one.🤣 Bro gonna attain Buddha after this Yeah it’s a he, but quite androgynous looking 😅 If u mean the twin buns, its a hairstyle for young boys 💀 its basically indicating how old he is Don't worry bro, when I was 14, I used to read Hong Kong comic, always found Nezha attractive. Turned out I'm gay.
Maybe he can use one of his 72 transformations to transform into a girl for u buddy Well, both Wukong and Erlang swapped genders to prank each other too I heard no wonder Erlang missed him 😔 Hes been thinking of him every day since. Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey Erlang, makes love to and impregnates this strange, beautiful girl, willing to settle down with her till the end of her lifetime. Wukong Detransforms HAHA. PRANKED! Their nightlife must be wild I mean wukong turned into a girl to mess with bajie, so probably.
Well, both Wukong and Erlang swapped genders to prank each other too I heard no wonder Erlang missed him 😔 Hes been thinking of him every day since. Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey Erlang, makes love to and impregnates this strange, beautiful girl, willing to settle down with her till the end of her lifetime. Wukong Detransforms HAHA. PRANKED! Their nightlife must be wild
no wonder Erlang missed him 😔 Hes been thinking of him every day since. Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey Erlang, makes love to and impregnates this strange, beautiful girl, willing to settle down with her till the end of her lifetime. Wukong Detransforms HAHA. PRANKED!
Hes been thinking of him every day since. Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey
Nobody pushed him this far except this monkey
Erlang, makes love to and impregnates this strange, beautiful girl, willing to settle down with her till the end of her lifetime. Wukong Detransforms HAHA. PRANKED!
Their nightlife must be wild
I mean wukong turned into a girl to mess with bajie, so probably.
To be fair, he's described as having an androgynous appearance due to forever being stuck at the physical appearance of 13 or something, as a result of his master remaking his body out of a lotus. ... Wait that sounds worse for you.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: XEdwardElricX 点赞: 25 时间: 2024-10-04T20:50:35.314000+0000 内容:
Dam bro you gonna have to do some soul searching after this one 🤣 Bro gonna reach enlightment with this one.🤣 Bro gonna attain Buddha after this
Bro gonna reach enlightment with this one.🤣
Bro gonna attain Buddha after this
Yeah it’s a he, but quite androgynous looking 😅 If u mean the twin buns, its a hairstyle for young boys 💀 its basically indicating how old he is
If u mean the twin buns, its a hairstyle for young boys 💀 its basically indicating how old he is
Don't worry bro, when I was 14, I used to read Hong Kong comic, always found Nezha attractive. Turned out I'm gay.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: reesesmfpieces 点赞: 463 时间: 2024-10-04T19:18:04.160000+0000 内容: “She kinda bad tho…..is that Frost?” My brother in monke that man is named Nezha. He’s a Marshal of some sorts I believe. bruh sometimes it takes a real man to become the best girl. If you can't find a waifu, be the waifu. -Sun Tzu, The art of war. We won't judge you. Much. Legend said that Japanese manga artists were fascinated by Nazha from a Chinese animated movie in the 70s, they then proceeded to create the femboy trope in manga and anime. The rest is history.
bruh sometimes it takes a real man to become the best girl. If you can't find a waifu, be the waifu. -Sun Tzu, The art of war. We won't judge you. Much. Legend said that Japanese manga artists were fascinated by Nazha from a Chinese animated movie in the 70s, they then proceeded to create the femboy trope in manga and anime. The rest is history.
sometimes it takes a real man to become the best girl. If you can't find a waifu, be the waifu. -Sun Tzu, The art of war.
If you can't find a waifu, be the waifu. -Sun Tzu, The art of war.
We won't judge you. Much.
Legend said that Japanese manga artists were fascinated by Nazha from a Chinese animated movie in the 70s, they then proceeded to create the femboy trope in manga and anime. The rest is history.
Oh man this post is making me laugh. Thank you OP.
Bro down bad "If there's a hole, there's a goal" - Master Oowgay
"If there's a hole, there's a goal" - Master Oowgay
Man, I have bad news for you...
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: SnooEpiphanies3060 点赞: 103 时间: 2024-10-04T20:10:17.690000+0000 内容:
Bro he’s a bro bro
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Gullible_Cloud_3132 点赞: 40 时间: 2024-10-04T21:04:22.229000+0000 内容: As soon as I read that title I knew I’d enjoy the comments
Nezha is a real deity in the Chinese folklore religion, often depicted as a young boy. He has a history that is equally as badass as Wukong So NOT ONLY is OP attracted to males, but also underaged looking males! F B I DIDDY RUN HES A DIDDLER
So NOT ONLY is OP attracted to males, but also underaged looking males! F B I DIDDY RUN HES A DIDDLER
F B I DIDDY RUN HES A DIDDLER
DIDDY RUN HES A DIDDLER
HES A DIDDLER
Don't worry bro. Nezha almost always looks like a chick. It's one of his superpowers. He also looks underage too. He is underage, Nezha is always depicted as a young boy. He represents filial piety (devotion of children to their parents). Fairly certain he died (and was reborn) as a child but don’t quote me on that, I’m rusty on my Nezha lore.
He also looks underage too. He is underage, Nezha is always depicted as a young boy. He represents filial piety (devotion of children to their parents). Fairly certain he died (and was reborn) as a child but don’t quote me on that, I’m rusty on my Nezha lore.
He is underage, Nezha is always depicted as a young boy. He represents filial piety (devotion of children to their parents). Fairly certain he died (and was reborn) as a child but don’t quote me on that, I’m rusty on my Nezha lore.
The "rebel trios" to the celestial court: Wukong, Erlang, and Nezha. You've met Wukong and Erlang, he is the last one.
Who’s gonna tell him
does it make you hard because it’s a woman? or is it a woman because it makes you hard?
😂 I can't stop laughing. Please tell me this is a joke because if it isn't, this will be 10 times funnier 🤣
Op right now:
Bro getting jailbaited by a "young" boy, someone call the Supreme inspector 😭✋️🚓
Well well well. What do we have here
There you go bruh
….Nezha….a male god…who is also nearly always depicted as a young boy. May wanna reevaluate everything my guy. Side note though, Nezha is on nearly the same badass level as Wukong, they even become good friends. I really hope we get to see him as a companion or even playable.
Get jabaited lol.
Nezha [哪吒] common known as the Third Prince. Edit: in Chinese mythology he’s known as one of the og rebels famous for tearing shit up and ending his own life. Wikipedia link
It's okay, his dad spec him to be hella cute
Nezha literally has a “girl’s looking” from the book. So it’s not that weird you mistook him.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: overkill373 点赞: 12 时间: 2024-10-04T20:30:04.033000+0000 内容: Well OP today you learned something new about yourself Be proud
Lmao bro self reported 💀
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Music2251993 点赞: 10 时间: 2024-10-04T23:07:01.631000+0000 内容: You're done fked up, son. this is the red boy, not NeZha, haha
this is the red boy, not NeZha, haha
"baddie" put the fries in the bag lil bro 💀💀💀😂
Hate to brake it to you but that’s a dude
It’s a dude. His name is Nezha
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: RealKemble 点赞: 20 时间: 2024-10-04T19:39:55.951000+0000 内容: It’s okay bro, you love who you love 🫶🏻🏳️‍🌈
That's a dude, my dude
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Strange_Position7970 点赞: 6 时间: 2024-10-04T20:27:00.548000+0000 内容: That's a guy, a well-known one as well.
He's still a baddie nonetheless. He ripped out the spine of one of the Dragon princes, and when the dragon lords came knocking and threatening to destroy his town and his parents, He ripped out his own flesh in attonement. Then the Celestial court resurrected him and gave him a lotus-made body.
Nezha, one of the god warrior And you arent the first to think he looks like a girl. In fact throughout all adaptations of Nezha, they mostly always let women play as his character, even when it comes to voice acting. Because he's trapped in the body of a young boy
Because he's trapped in the body of a young boy
It is a he. Nezha, the Third Lotus Prince, Marshal of the Central Altar. He is supposed to look like a baby boy, sort of like Red Boy.  Due to things happening in his story, he is stuck in this baby boy look even he is far older than Wukong, Violet Spider, etc.... He is considered an old god.
Dude looks like a lady.
I really don't see anything feminine other than maybe the eye markings, I immediately knew it was Nezha due to watching the Netflix animated thing with my baby sister sorry you thought it was a "baddie" 😂
Me looking at others who know: How do we break the news to the poor lad?
Sorry bro, it’s over for you 😭😭
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 4 时间: 2024-10-04T19:56:16.502000+0000 内容: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nezha lol
It’s not too late to delete this Its definitely to late at this point. 😂 this is going in the black myth community hall of fame
Its definitely to late at this point. 😂
this is going in the black myth community hall of fame
That’s a guy
Ne zha Actually a really badass good character from another Chinese mythology. Good story too, wiki
Nezha's gender is lotus root.
Oh man….
This is great 🤣🤣
There's a movie on Netflix about Nezha I think
People just now discovering how they can be attracted to both sexes lol That’s gay
That’s gay
a dude
Who gon' tell em...
Dude. Please tell us whether you're joking.
Nhe Zha is an eternal 11-12 year old boy...  So .. yikes
Btw in the lore his mom was pregnant for three and half years before giving birth to a ball of flesh……
That's a guy bro
This is why you do your research before you announce on Reddit what characters you have a crush on otherwise this becomes your body pillow
I see how one can mistaken this as a female
Wait till this guy finds out its a man 💀
I hope you are trolling.
Prince nezzah
First off that's a He not a she lol and that's Nezha and is really really famous, all my chinese brothers/sisters would know as we all seen the cartoon "Nezha Conquers The Dragon King (1979)", and not the recent Animation or cartoons or whatever you want to call it, I was born in 85 if you know you know.
Lol I hope this is a troll jebait but it happens and most don’t know who Nezha is
Bro, he is Nezha The top 3 bad ass in Oriental Heaven （The other 2 was Erlang Shen and Wukong，well, you already met them)
【哪吒（nezha）】Normally he is a teenager with one head and two arms, but when fighting he can have three heads and six arms. Standing next to him is his father, Nezha is as powerful as Wukong. The most famous Chinese story about him is "Nezha Fights in the Sea", which tells the story that the third son of the God of the Sea oppressed the local people, so Nezha killed him and destroyed the palace of the God of the Sea. His story is similar to Wukong's, they both don't like to see the powerful bully the poor people at will, so he is sometimes Wukong's friend. one picture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM2YLxzzpQI&list=PLFlDE6Qv1pGDFb8I4Qzq9UB0Y8oT76a6J&ab_channel=%E8%8C%9C%E8%8C%9C
that's Nezha, he was always potrait as a pretty boy/teenager. One of the strongest fighter in Heaven Realm, killed a Dragon Prince when still a kid. The dude next to him is his dad, General Lee the Pagoda Diety. Rumors say he never put down his pagoda because thats the only weapon capable of keeping Nezha in check, else Nezha will kill him immediately given the chance (their family story is horrible, you can google it)
Attraction isn't a choice. Go get your beau.
I got news for you brother
NeZha
It is a trap.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: BlackShogun27 点赞: 3 时间: 2024-10-05T19:34:47.099000+0000 内容: He fell for it too Alfred…
Bruh, that's a boy 💀
in the 1986 tv show, I remember thinking he was a girl too up til they made Nezha animated films recently. Just clarifying im not 40 years old, they rerun these shows a lot for kids growing up
Oh...oh no...Nephew Nezha got another one...
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: iambackd2 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-10-04T21:18:10.145000+0000 内容: His body is made of lotus, i think, after rebirth. This does not make you gay, you just like femboy, TOTALLY not weird, AT ALL. Btw, go check elden Ring DLC Miquella, he is very hot. *
That's a dude
.... Who's gonna tell him ?
Whos gunna tell him?
That’s a dude. Nezha the boy god…
Oh Nesha, HE is a... cool GUY? HE is a good person, but HE isn't exacly the kind of GUY you invite to a party.
Hes a bro
OP’s gotta be trolling. This shit too funny.
Bro is so cooked for this post 😭🙏🏻
Who's gonna tell OP
Hate to break it to you lmao. Genuinely made me burst laughing out loud ✋🤣
Baddie my hoof!
For the record, this is how I felt about the fox chick up until the end of chapter 5…
That’s Ne Zha and he’s a boy.
Nesha, and is a male lol
Its a guy yo nezha
Sit down bro. I got some truths for you lol
It's a young boy god.
Not a she . He - Nezha
He, my guy he
bro knows its a male character?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Technical_Style2362 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-10-05T04:42:56.271000+0000 内容: Brooooooo!!!! 😂
Nezha was forced to commit suicide by his father at the seaside, because Nezha killed the youngest son of the Dragon King, who threatened his father to drown all the people in the city with flood if he didn't die. In order not to trouble ordinary people, he committed suicide at the seaside. Later, his master Taiyi made his body with lotus leaves, lotus roots and lotus roots, which brought him back to life. Lotus is a monoecious plant, so Nezha looked more like a girl when she was reborn
Its a trap?
nezha is a really cool character in Chinese myth, because he is a young hero so a lot of time the use the actress to play the character. and even in the animation the draw him kind of like a girl sometime,but the character is a boy. or you can said he's a femboy god.
Bro, you just made my day
When Nezha gets reborn, they are actually genderless. In Chinese media, they are often potrayed by women. You good fam
This comment section has to be the biggest callout of internet history 🤣🤣🤣
Bro, that's...a boy
nezha's story is almost as crazy as partial wukong's , when he was like 7 he playing in the sea and killed a loong prince and his yaksha soilder, skined and pulled out the loong string to make a ribbon, then went to the loong palace and made a fuss..,(well its also sort of their bad , cause the prince is like very rude) his father the god of pagoda decided to kill him so that he can make no more trouble. he was so angry and disappointed that he killed himself first with a classic dialog - i give the blood and flesh back to you who made me. ... anyway,  then this happened that happened he was made alive again with lotus+ lotus leaf + his remaining souls, and now here he is, serving the heaven from time to time.
On the one hand, he’s a dude. On the other hand, he’s a bad, bad dude. Read his backstory, it’s metal af.
This killed me, thank you
This killed me, thank you
Oh no...
Umm...well... the thing is, that's Ne Zha and they're a boy. They have flaming wheel rollerblades and a spear and has slain a dragon prince iirc
The character's name is Ne Zha. Ne Zha's birth was very peculiar, as his mother was pregnant for three years and six months and gave birth to a ball of flesh. His father, Li Jing, mistook it for a demon and split it open, from which Ne Zha jumped out, already a boy who could speak and walk well. Nezha later learnt magic and martial arts from Tai Yi Zhen Zhen (an immortal master). Nezha's conflict with the Dragon King in the East China Sea is one of his most famous stories. He triggered the Dragon King's retaliation by accidentally killing his third prince, and eventually killed himself to appease the King's wrath. After Nezha's death, Tai Yi Zhen Shi rebuilt his body with a lotus flower, causing him to be reborn. It's also a very popular character in China, and I made a video about it using AI that you should definitely check out. video(from my X post)
Is Nezha and is a he
That’s Nezha, one of the most rebellious and powerful god. The gender mostly refers to as a male, but many times in media, Nezha was portrayed as female.  Nezha, Erlang and Wukong is the rebellious powerful trio in the myth
The earliest cross-dressing guy in China
SHE lol
I had that exact same thought but then i realized...
And they say “ohhh china game doesn’t have any gender neutral content ewwwww” sweet motherfuckers must be blind or extortionists.
Apparently, this is the Chinese studio that also helped on Naruto ep65
Oooh um that’s Prince Leo, my guy
