================================================================================  评论列表:
Gold track me
Why would you do that to Xu Dog?
🤣🤣
Not me. After freezing the bosses or enemies. I always end up doing a light attack combo(just before the finishing blow) followed by the head butt with wandering wight and finishing it off with light attack finisher. Nice meme though lol. I do the exact same thing Monkeeees in arms Monkee together stonks I just evade. Who needs abilities when you can dodge everything ! Lemme tell ya something pro player you just missed the fun element of the game ,if you don't want to use those abilities and just dodge. Ya playing that way is just intentionally handicapping yourself. Until you unlock spellbinder. Once you knock off half a boss’s health with a single charged heavy, it becomes the only way you want to play. The head butt is one of the best single moves in video game history. Yeah, that's what I would have done. If I had the money to buy the game. This made me laugh so much. I feel your pain bro(This is my very first game that I bought due to the hype surrounding it). Hope they release denuvo less version soon so everyone can enjoy this masterpiece. This is the way Holy shit literally same Can you just continue the light attack combo after you use the Spirit? Is that the default behavior? Upgrade Same bro. That’s literally exactly how I start every boss battle I use non-able spirit, hell lot spammable and double the finishing move if u use it the right time
I do the exact same thing Monkeeees in arms Monkee together stonks I just evade. Who needs abilities when you can dodge everything ! Lemme tell ya something pro player you just missed the fun element of the game ,if you don't want to use those abilities and just dodge. Ya playing that way is just intentionally handicapping yourself. Until you unlock spellbinder. Once you knock off half a boss’s health with a single charged heavy, it becomes the only way you want to play.
Monkeeees in arms Monkee together stonks
Monkee together stonks
I just evade. Who needs abilities when you can dodge everything ! Lemme tell ya something pro player you just missed the fun element of the game ,if you don't want to use those abilities and just dodge. Ya playing that way is just intentionally handicapping yourself. Until you unlock spellbinder. Once you knock off half a boss’s health with a single charged heavy, it becomes the only way you want to play.
Lemme tell ya something pro player you just missed the fun element of the game ,if you don't want to use those abilities and just dodge. Ya playing that way is just intentionally handicapping yourself. Until you unlock spellbinder. Once you knock off half a boss’s health with a single charged heavy, it becomes the only way you want to play.
Ya playing that way is just intentionally handicapping yourself. Until you unlock spellbinder. Once you knock off half a boss’s health with a single charged heavy, it becomes the only way you want to play.
The head butt is one of the best single moves in video game history.
Yeah, that's what I would have done. If I had the money to buy the game. This made me laugh so much. I feel your pain bro(This is my very first game that I bought due to the hype surrounding it). Hope they release denuvo less version soon so everyone can enjoy this masterpiece.
This made me laugh so much.
I feel your pain bro(This is my very first game that I bought due to the hype surrounding it). Hope they release denuvo less version soon so everyone can enjoy this masterpiece.
This is the way
Holy shit literally same
Can you just continue the light attack combo after you use the Spirit? Is that the default behavior? Upgrade
Upgrade
Same bro. That’s literally exactly how I start every boss battle
I use non-able spirit, hell lot spammable and double the finishing move if u use it the right time
First thing I do is transforming guangzhi, so I can do it again in late fight
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: ApprehensiveAd4078 点赞: 25 时间: 2024-09-06T02:43:38.249000+0000 内容: Pillar stance to style on them
Pillar stance to style on them
I laughed so hard and im in office rn wtf haha
This is peak monke
Full light combo then heavy
👏👏 Monkey well done
OMG lol how can I share this? There is a share button on the lower right of the post. thanks but I want to share it on a message board If you are on mobile you can click the top 3 dots and download it. Just make sure to credit OP after posting it. But op is not the oc either.Its creator is 神奇的老皮,the watermark shows.
There is a share button on the lower right of the post. thanks but I want to share it on a message board If you are on mobile you can click the top 3 dots and download it. Just make sure to credit OP after posting it. But op is not the oc either.Its creator is 神奇的老皮,the watermark shows.
thanks but I want to share it on a message board If you are on mobile you can click the top 3 dots and download it. Just make sure to credit OP after posting it. But op is not the oc either.Its creator is 神奇的老皮,the watermark shows.
If you are on mobile you can click the top 3 dots and download it. Just make sure to credit OP after posting it. But op is not the oc either.Its creator is 神奇的老皮,the watermark shows.
But op is not the oc either.Its creator is 神奇的老皮,the watermark shows.
I spin to one focus level then pull out the big baby headbutt. Nice chunk of damage and knocks the boss on its ass.
I believe in pillar stance superiority. Finally another man of culture. Pillar Stance is the best.
Finally another man of culture. Pillar Stance is the best.
You can usually get a cheap shot like that in without the spell
lol Omg made my day I burst out laughing at a meeting I was attending while reading this
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: nigglamingo 点赞: 4 时间: 2024-09-05T22:09:20.532000+0000 内容: I wish it charged that fast 😭 I put sparks into the part of the skill tree that supposedly boosts heavy attack charging speed. I swear, it does nothing. I played around one time and amped it all the way up. Still was t fast enough so I took all my skills out lol
I put sparks into the part of the skill tree that supposedly boosts heavy attack charging speed. I swear, it does nothing. I played around one time and amped it all the way up. Still was t fast enough so I took all my skills out lol
I played around one time and amped it all the way up. Still was t fast enough so I took all my skills out lol
That monkey has seen too much
Not gonna lie. This gave me a good chuckle.
Only for chapter 1 and 2, after that I realized its more important to learn boss movesets and patterns to dodge perfectly first before button mashing. It made my journey smooth sailing with an average of 1-3 tries every boss fight.
Yin didn't let me do this. Sad
Me with pillar stance 😂
This is gold wtf
OP should get a Nobel prize for this..
I'm done with it! It's just to hard. Fuck that tiger boss Took me about 4-5 hrs to beat that tiger but it’s so damn gratifying afterwards! Delayed dodges between attacks is key!! Got hit once and wasted that fool eventually Man I've tried. I'm level 32 and I've looked up strategies I just can't get his health much lower than half.. Im fed up. The game is just to hard Don’t give up! Hear me out. Just take a break and come back tomorrow after you’ve cooled off. Don’t be in a hurry to progress. Just slow down and take your time, there’s no time limit. With a boss like this it’s not about strategy, it’s about learning the boss and learning the game. Run through the level a few times fighting mob enemies. It’s great practice. You gain in-game experience AND irl experience. When you fight mobs practice your dodges. Keep trying until you can “perfect dodge” every single time. Instead of trying to clear the entire fight, just master one part of it. He only has a few attack patterns. If you take it one step at a time I guarantee you can clear this fight. And when you do you’ll be an even better player than when you started. You can take what you learned from this fight and apply it to every boss you ever fight in the future. You got this! If you're dodging like its Souls, that's probably why you're dying. Dodge LATER than you normally would, trust me on this. Early dodges will kill you. Ive grinded to level 45 before going to him, so it was pretty easy after 4-5 tries. You can do it at Rockrest Shrine, just kill the yaoguai that look like bone shamans there, they give 275 exp, and beat the stone monsters around there too. It doesnt take long to level up there. Just beat that fucker tonight and I've been pretty high ever since. I was so close to giving it up. You'll get that fucker. I believe in you, Monke. Bro it took me like 2 hours to beat the fire fox sword guy This is why I love this game, it teaches patience and perseverance just like old games does. Tf tiger boss is easy, the only bosses I had issues with is whiteclad noble, yellow wind sage, and the secret final boss. You can cheese noble by spamming light jump attacks from max distance during phase 1, he just doesn't react lol. Yo i defeated the tiger on my 5th try with 15-20fps with pc constantly hanging, you can do it too, just put your mind to it
Took me about 4-5 hrs to beat that tiger but it’s so damn gratifying afterwards! Delayed dodges between attacks is key!! Got hit once and wasted that fool eventually Man I've tried. I'm level 32 and I've looked up strategies I just can't get his health much lower than half.. Im fed up. The game is just to hard Don’t give up! Hear me out. Just take a break and come back tomorrow after you’ve cooled off. Don’t be in a hurry to progress. Just slow down and take your time, there’s no time limit. With a boss like this it’s not about strategy, it’s about learning the boss and learning the game. Run through the level a few times fighting mob enemies. It’s great practice. You gain in-game experience AND irl experience. When you fight mobs practice your dodges. Keep trying until you can “perfect dodge” every single time. Instead of trying to clear the entire fight, just master one part of it. He only has a few attack patterns. If you take it one step at a time I guarantee you can clear this fight. And when you do you’ll be an even better player than when you started. You can take what you learned from this fight and apply it to every boss you ever fight in the future. You got this! If you're dodging like its Souls, that's probably why you're dying. Dodge LATER than you normally would, trust me on this. Early dodges will kill you. Ive grinded to level 45 before going to him, so it was pretty easy after 4-5 tries. You can do it at Rockrest Shrine, just kill the yaoguai that look like bone shamans there, they give 275 exp, and beat the stone monsters around there too. It doesnt take long to level up there.
Man I've tried. I'm level 32 and I've looked up strategies I just can't get his health much lower than half.. Im fed up. The game is just to hard Don’t give up! Hear me out. Just take a break and come back tomorrow after you’ve cooled off. Don’t be in a hurry to progress. Just slow down and take your time, there’s no time limit. With a boss like this it’s not about strategy, it’s about learning the boss and learning the game. Run through the level a few times fighting mob enemies. It’s great practice. You gain in-game experience AND irl experience. When you fight mobs practice your dodges. Keep trying until you can “perfect dodge” every single time. Instead of trying to clear the entire fight, just master one part of it. He only has a few attack patterns. If you take it one step at a time I guarantee you can clear this fight. And when you do you’ll be an even better player than when you started. You can take what you learned from this fight and apply it to every boss you ever fight in the future. You got this! If you're dodging like its Souls, that's probably why you're dying. Dodge LATER than you normally would, trust me on this. Early dodges will kill you. Ive grinded to level 45 before going to him, so it was pretty easy after 4-5 tries. You can do it at Rockrest Shrine, just kill the yaoguai that look like bone shamans there, they give 275 exp, and beat the stone monsters around there too. It doesnt take long to level up there.
Don’t give up! Hear me out. Just take a break and come back tomorrow after you’ve cooled off. Don’t be in a hurry to progress. Just slow down and take your time, there’s no time limit. With a boss like this it’s not about strategy, it’s about learning the boss and learning the game. Run through the level a few times fighting mob enemies. It’s great practice. You gain in-game experience AND irl experience. When you fight mobs practice your dodges. Keep trying until you can “perfect dodge” every single time. Instead of trying to clear the entire fight, just master one part of it. He only has a few attack patterns. If you take it one step at a time I guarantee you can clear this fight. And when you do you’ll be an even better player than when you started. You can take what you learned from this fight and apply it to every boss you ever fight in the future. You got this!
If you're dodging like its Souls, that's probably why you're dying. Dodge LATER than you normally would, trust me on this. Early dodges will kill you.
Ive grinded to level 45 before going to him, so it was pretty easy after 4-5 tries. You can do it at Rockrest Shrine, just kill the yaoguai that look like bone shamans there, they give 275 exp, and beat the stone monsters around there too. It doesnt take long to level up there.
Just beat that fucker tonight and I've been pretty high ever since. I was so close to giving it up. You'll get that fucker. I believe in you, Monke.
Bro it took me like 2 hours to beat the fire fox sword guy
This is why I love this game, it teaches patience and perseverance just like old games does.
Tf tiger boss is easy, the only bosses I had issues with is whiteclad noble, yellow wind sage, and the secret final boss. You can cheese noble by spamming light jump attacks from max distance during phase 1, he just doesn't react lol.
You can cheese noble by spamming light jump attacks from max distance during phase 1, he just doesn't react lol.
Yo i defeated the tiger on my 5th try with 15-20fps with pc constantly hanging, you can do it too, just put your mind to it
This is too funny 😂😂
PERFECTION
🔥🤣🤣🤣
Lmaoooo
Every single time too 🤣
Those sound effects were amazing 👏
😂😂😂 definitely true
Gold
For real…
Not wrong... I won my cyan loong fight by sneaking up on his ass from the side with a fully charged attack. That extra 10% helps. Also glowy stick :]
Quality content
Omg 🤣
Monkey: Meet the shock of my mallet!!!
😂😂😂😂😂
Thank god for immobilization and red wind combo 🤣
We*
So it’s real
That's the closest thing irl 🤣
Lmfao 🤣
This got me rolling more than it should have
Black Myth Wukong gameplay be like
🤣🤣🤣
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: ehwjsndsks 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-05T22:42:52.597000+0000 内容: Spellbinder and I rush them like a spider monkey!
charge up before entering combat. Always get a perfect 3 focus hit on them Hell yeah, I’m not wasting an immobilize straight outta the gate.
Hell yeah, I’m not wasting an immobilize straight outta the gate.
🤣 This is so accurate for me, I only just started the game like 2 hours in and this is like my go to move.
I lock on and get close to where the battle “begins”. I then sprint and charge just outside that zone and enter it when the third focus fills. If you release at the right moment you can get a free smash basically before the fight even starts. Then you can do your immobilize and charge up the 3 focus again. Just make sure you have let your stamina build (which is super quick).
This is gonna be a top post of all time 100%
But he's xudog, he's the good dog who gives me poison every day! He's a good brother!
I spin to one focus level then pull out the big baby headbutt. Nice chunk of damage and knocks the boss on its ass.
u/savevideo
I’m gonna tell my kids this Amaterasu from Okami fighting the destined one
版主已移除评论
Perfect
Golden post
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Prestigious_Weight82 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Prestigious_Weight82 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I go for that ln my first run at a boss or summon a pluck of many if it is my second time+ fighting a boss.
Bro! Stop! Hammer time! 🤣🤣
u/savevideo View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
u/savevideo View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
This is probably the best one I've seen 😂 Absolutely hilarious
🤣🤣 brilliant 👏🏻
Lol
bonk
Erlang Shen be like REVERSE UNO CARD .
It really do feel like that especially at the last boss of the game
版主已移除评论 Hello u/GreenLori , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/GreenLori , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Lmaooooo
Having the bonk sound at the last would be even better🤣
Gas powered stick!
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Onyxdesu , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Onyxdesu , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Haha!!!
A monkey utilizing a stick as a weapon? Interesting
Oh man🤣🤣
