Man what an amazing game and story. Time to read and learn more. Thank you to the Wukong developers for adapting this amazing world into an incredible game. ================================================================================  评论列表:
People talk about the sales and concurrent players in bm Wukong, but I’m actually wondering if the sales of the book skyrocketed after the launching of the game. Have a nice one reading, the book is amazing man🫡 track me The story is 500years old. So it isn't owned by one single producer. But yes I'm sure price has raised a gloat across the board. Even saw in fortnite the other day they put up their wukong sking Technically, we can never know who is the author of JttW. The modern version of Journey to the West is compiled from several versions that date back hundreds of years.  People in China believe Wu Cheng'en is the author, just because most experts and scholars in the fields of literature and history tend to believe that Wu Cheng'en is the author. But there's something that don't make any sense. Everyone has their accent, and accent could affect people's writing, such as Americans tend to use "fridge" instead of "refrigerator". However, JttW has reflected feature from multiple different type of Chinese accent. For example, people in southern China called monkey "马骝(Ma Liu)" or "马娄(Ma Lou)", and the northern people use the word "猢狲(Hu Sun)". And what about JttW? Oh, they used both. That's weird. So people believe that Wu Cheng'en is only the guy collected the folk tale and myth, then compiled them into one book. Very interesting. So in a sense it is a folklore That is exactly what it is. Also the inspiration for pretty much every superhero. Maybe not every super hero. But I can list 3 big names off the cuff that all owe it to wukong. GOKU NARUTO MONKEE D LUFFY Like with Horace - Iliad and Odyssey Yeah and Epic Games were smart to do that cause I bought it lol Story is now a public domain right? when this story was created the idea of “public domain” was not around, it’s always been public domain I would think so. Given that it was first published ～3 years before Romeo and Juliet. Book is 1 of the 4 great piece literature of China. And by far the most popular one of them is called the Romance of Three Kindoms , is a good read too if u like bromance ,  brotherhood and warlord stuff :)) Dynasty warriors popular for far too long is more than just dynasty warriors 😂 The book "Monkey" is an excellent, approachable introduction to A Journey To The West for those people that don't consider themselves "readers" or "book people" but are interested in the story. I highly recommend everyone who wants a bit, but not too much more, give it a try. You'll like it. This one: Overly Sarcastic Productions said on their podcast that they got a bunch of new views on their Journey to the West series. Wish they'd focus and finish the series. It must be like over 10 years now.
The story is 500years old. So it isn't owned by one single producer. But yes I'm sure price has raised a gloat across the board. Even saw in fortnite the other day they put up their wukong sking Technically, we can never know who is the author of JttW. The modern version of Journey to the West is compiled from several versions that date back hundreds of years.  People in China believe Wu Cheng'en is the author, just because most experts and scholars in the fields of literature and history tend to believe that Wu Cheng'en is the author. But there's something that don't make any sense. Everyone has their accent, and accent could affect people's writing, such as Americans tend to use "fridge" instead of "refrigerator". However, JttW has reflected feature from multiple different type of Chinese accent. For example, people in southern China called monkey "马骝(Ma Liu)" or "马娄(Ma Lou)", and the northern people use the word "猢狲(Hu Sun)". And what about JttW? Oh, they used both. That's weird. So people believe that Wu Cheng'en is only the guy collected the folk tale and myth, then compiled them into one book. Very interesting. So in a sense it is a folklore That is exactly what it is. Also the inspiration for pretty much every superhero. Maybe not every super hero. But I can list 3 big names off the cuff that all owe it to wukong. GOKU NARUTO MONKEE D LUFFY Like with Horace - Iliad and Odyssey Yeah and Epic Games were smart to do that cause I bought it lol Story is now a public domain right? when this story was created the idea of “public domain” was not around, it’s always been public domain I would think so. Given that it was first published ～3 years before Romeo and Juliet.
Technically, we can never know who is the author of JttW. The modern version of Journey to the West is compiled from several versions that date back hundreds of years.  People in China believe Wu Cheng'en is the author, just because most experts and scholars in the fields of literature and history tend to believe that Wu Cheng'en is the author. But there's something that don't make any sense. Everyone has their accent, and accent could affect people's writing, such as Americans tend to use "fridge" instead of "refrigerator". However, JttW has reflected feature from multiple different type of Chinese accent. For example, people in southern China called monkey "马骝(Ma Liu)" or "马娄(Ma Lou)", and the northern people use the word "猢狲(Hu Sun)". And what about JttW? Oh, they used both. That's weird. So people believe that Wu Cheng'en is only the guy collected the folk tale and myth, then compiled them into one book. Very interesting. So in a sense it is a folklore That is exactly what it is. Also the inspiration for pretty much every superhero. Maybe not every super hero. But I can list 3 big names off the cuff that all owe it to wukong. GOKU NARUTO MONKEE D LUFFY Like with Horace - Iliad and Odyssey
Very interesting. So in a sense it is a folklore That is exactly what it is. Also the inspiration for pretty much every superhero. Maybe not every super hero. But I can list 3 big names off the cuff that all owe it to wukong. GOKU NARUTO MONKEE D LUFFY
That is exactly what it is. Also the inspiration for pretty much every superhero. Maybe not every super hero. But I can list 3 big names off the cuff that all owe it to wukong. GOKU NARUTO MONKEE D LUFFY
Maybe not every super hero. But I can list 3 big names off the cuff that all owe it to wukong. GOKU NARUTO MONKEE D LUFFY
Like with Horace - Iliad and Odyssey
Yeah and Epic Games were smart to do that cause I bought it lol
Story is now a public domain right? when this story was created the idea of “public domain” was not around, it’s always been public domain I would think so. Given that it was first published ～3 years before Romeo and Juliet.
when this story was created the idea of “public domain” was not around, it’s always been public domain
I would think so. Given that it was first published ～3 years before Romeo and Juliet.
Book is 1 of the 4 great piece literature of China. And by far the most popular one of them is called the Romance of Three Kindoms , is a good read too if u like bromance ,  brotherhood and warlord stuff :)) Dynasty warriors popular for far too long is more than just dynasty warriors 😂
one of them is called the Romance of Three Kindoms , is a good read too if u like bromance ,  brotherhood and warlord stuff :)) Dynasty warriors popular for far too long is more than just dynasty warriors 😂
Dynasty warriors popular for far too long is more than just dynasty warriors 😂
is more than just dynasty warriors 😂
The book "Monkey" is an excellent, approachable introduction to A Journey To The West for those people that don't consider themselves "readers" or "book people" but are interested in the story. I highly recommend everyone who wants a bit, but not too much more, give it a try. You'll like it. This one:
This one:
Overly Sarcastic Productions said on their podcast that they got a bunch of new views on their Journey to the West series. Wish they'd focus and finish the series. It must be like over 10 years now.
Wish they'd focus and finish the series. It must be like over 10 years now.
I haven't read the book, but for those that are visually inclined like me (I'll fall asleep reading), I highly suggest watching the original 1986 TV series. The Wu Kong of that series heavily influences this game. It's also the most canon series.  Although they recently made 2 reboots.  One funded by CCTV, drawing lots of attention.  They even had the original Wukong actor as advisor.  He also played a small role. In the same year, a provincial TV station also funded another Journey to the West series.  Talking about bad timing. At least we have some modern CG to look at. Yeah I tried them, but couldn't continue after the first couple of episodes. The OG kinda ruined it for me... The 1996 TVB series was the only other one I thought was good enough to hang with the OG, mainly because the Wu Kong actor was charismatic enough in his own way. Yeah, it's really tough to be a good Wukong in live action. Stephen Chow's A Chinese Odyssey duology on his Sun Wukong is also a source of influence for Black Myth Wukong. "He looks just like a dog!" such a classic final line. I didn't watch the 1996 ones.  Who was it, Dicky Cheung? I don't like the Stephen Chow's movies because they stray too far from the original.  I mean they are great on their own, as long as you don't take them seriously. Yeah Dicky Cheung. He completely and utterly failed at being a monkey. But he's so damn entertaining as a handsome and cocky lead that I ended up having a blast with his series anyway. As for Stephen's movies, yeah they are great parodies, but not considered a remake at all. I liked Dicky Cheung in many of his TV series.  I seriously thought he would be another Stephen Chow.  I didn't quite watch that 1996 TV series. Remember the new movies with Donnie Yen and Aaron Kwok as Wukong?  I love both of them, but they can't play Wukong.  Donnie has a cocky guy posture (90% of his roles are).  He stands tall, talks tough.  In that movie, he did the "monkey emote" a couple times to pass as Wukong.  So laughable and fake. The real Wukong doesn't have a "heroic" posture or a deep heroic voice.  He is a funky monkey and he is very happy being himself.  I guess the original 1986 actor set a standard too high nobody comes close to be the next Wukong. Im more of a book reader than I am a TV viewer lol. Tv puts me to sleep unless it is like extremely good and action packed. How's the book. Chinese is so different to English, I can't see how it'll translate well imo. Could you plz take some pics of the content? I'm curious about how ancient Chinese poems are translated. How’s the book? I love a good book & this game is so good. So many poems man. So many The story and characters are great but the writing style is probably going to be quite different than anything you're used to. If you're willing to work through that then it's worth trying to read at least the first book out of four to see how you like it. Im curious, is the game a retelling of the books? Or like a sequel/spin off? After finishing the book/86 TV series, I highly recommend another JTTW spin-off movie (1995-96) by the legendary Stephen Chow. It is highly regarded, quoted, and praised in the Chinese community. The movie comes in 2 parts - Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2 totaling 3.5 hours. O-O-O-Only you~ It's a "Black Myth", meaning the devs are doing a story based on journey to the west, and in this case it's AFTER the journey ended and Wukong being himself isn't that far fetched to challenge the court again.    So you're just playing a monkey that looks like Wukong and you're searching to piece back the relics of him and htat's the game (so it revists all the characters from teh book, except over HALF is missing, that's why DLCs ar for i guess) The game explores an extended tale AFTER the JTTW story, not the recount of it. The game being set in a different parallel universe is the best way to think about it. The story of the game happens many years after the story of the book, and many parts of it draw upon the lore of the original. However, characters have different motifs and a lot of how and why things happened are reappropriated for this much darker plot line. It’s 1 of the 4 greatest piece of Chinese literature. 1986 is the only acceptable version, btw :)
It's also the most canon series.  Although they recently made 2 reboots.  One funded by CCTV, drawing lots of attention.  They even had the original Wukong actor as advisor.  He also played a small role. In the same year, a provincial TV station also funded another Journey to the West series.  Talking about bad timing. At least we have some modern CG to look at. Yeah I tried them, but couldn't continue after the first couple of episodes. The OG kinda ruined it for me... The 1996 TVB series was the only other one I thought was good enough to hang with the OG, mainly because the Wu Kong actor was charismatic enough in his own way. Yeah, it's really tough to be a good Wukong in live action. Stephen Chow's A Chinese Odyssey duology on his Sun Wukong is also a source of influence for Black Myth Wukong. "He looks just like a dog!" such a classic final line. I didn't watch the 1996 ones.  Who was it, Dicky Cheung? I don't like the Stephen Chow's movies because they stray too far from the original.  I mean they are great on their own, as long as you don't take them seriously. Yeah Dicky Cheung. He completely and utterly failed at being a monkey. But he's so damn entertaining as a handsome and cocky lead that I ended up having a blast with his series anyway. As for Stephen's movies, yeah they are great parodies, but not considered a remake at all. I liked Dicky Cheung in many of his TV series.  I seriously thought he would be another Stephen Chow.  I didn't quite watch that 1996 TV series. Remember the new movies with Donnie Yen and Aaron Kwok as Wukong?  I love both of them, but they can't play Wukong.  Donnie has a cocky guy posture (90% of his roles are).  He stands tall, talks tough.  In that movie, he did the "monkey emote" a couple times to pass as Wukong.  So laughable and fake. The real Wukong doesn't have a "heroic" posture or a deep heroic voice.  He is a funky monkey and he is very happy being himself.  I guess the original 1986 actor set a standard too high nobody comes close to be the next Wukong.
Yeah I tried them, but couldn't continue after the first couple of episodes. The OG kinda ruined it for me... The 1996 TVB series was the only other one I thought was good enough to hang with the OG, mainly because the Wu Kong actor was charismatic enough in his own way. Yeah, it's really tough to be a good Wukong in live action. Stephen Chow's A Chinese Odyssey duology on his Sun Wukong is also a source of influence for Black Myth Wukong. "He looks just like a dog!" such a classic final line. I didn't watch the 1996 ones.  Who was it, Dicky Cheung? I don't like the Stephen Chow's movies because they stray too far from the original.  I mean they are great on their own, as long as you don't take them seriously. Yeah Dicky Cheung. He completely and utterly failed at being a monkey. But he's so damn entertaining as a handsome and cocky lead that I ended up having a blast with his series anyway. As for Stephen's movies, yeah they are great parodies, but not considered a remake at all. I liked Dicky Cheung in many of his TV series.  I seriously thought he would be another Stephen Chow.  I didn't quite watch that 1996 TV series. Remember the new movies with Donnie Yen and Aaron Kwok as Wukong?  I love both of them, but they can't play Wukong.  Donnie has a cocky guy posture (90% of his roles are).  He stands tall, talks tough.  In that movie, he did the "monkey emote" a couple times to pass as Wukong.  So laughable and fake. The real Wukong doesn't have a "heroic" posture or a deep heroic voice.  He is a funky monkey and he is very happy being himself.  I guess the original 1986 actor set a standard too high nobody comes close to be the next Wukong.
Yeah, it's really tough to be a good Wukong in live action. Stephen Chow's A Chinese Odyssey duology on his Sun Wukong is also a source of influence for Black Myth Wukong. "He looks just like a dog!" such a classic final line.
I didn't watch the 1996 ones.  Who was it, Dicky Cheung? I don't like the Stephen Chow's movies because they stray too far from the original.  I mean they are great on their own, as long as you don't take them seriously. Yeah Dicky Cheung. He completely and utterly failed at being a monkey. But he's so damn entertaining as a handsome and cocky lead that I ended up having a blast with his series anyway. As for Stephen's movies, yeah they are great parodies, but not considered a remake at all. I liked Dicky Cheung in many of his TV series.  I seriously thought he would be another Stephen Chow.  I didn't quite watch that 1996 TV series. Remember the new movies with Donnie Yen and Aaron Kwok as Wukong?  I love both of them, but they can't play Wukong.  Donnie has a cocky guy posture (90% of his roles are).  He stands tall, talks tough.  In that movie, he did the "monkey emote" a couple times to pass as Wukong.  So laughable and fake. The real Wukong doesn't have a "heroic" posture or a deep heroic voice.  He is a funky monkey and he is very happy being himself.  I guess the original 1986 actor set a standard too high nobody comes close to be the next Wukong.
Yeah Dicky Cheung. He completely and utterly failed at being a monkey. But he's so damn entertaining as a handsome and cocky lead that I ended up having a blast with his series anyway. As for Stephen's movies, yeah they are great parodies, but not considered a remake at all. I liked Dicky Cheung in many of his TV series.  I seriously thought he would be another Stephen Chow.  I didn't quite watch that 1996 TV series. Remember the new movies with Donnie Yen and Aaron Kwok as Wukong?  I love both of them, but they can't play Wukong.  Donnie has a cocky guy posture (90% of his roles are).  He stands tall, talks tough.  In that movie, he did the "monkey emote" a couple times to pass as Wukong.  So laughable and fake. The real Wukong doesn't have a "heroic" posture or a deep heroic voice.  He is a funky monkey and he is very happy being himself.  I guess the original 1986 actor set a standard too high nobody comes close to be the next Wukong.
I liked Dicky Cheung in many of his TV series.  I seriously thought he would be another Stephen Chow.  I didn't quite watch that 1996 TV series. Remember the new movies with Donnie Yen and Aaron Kwok as Wukong?  I love both of them, but they can't play Wukong.  Donnie has a cocky guy posture (90% of his roles are).  He stands tall, talks tough.  In that movie, he did the "monkey emote" a couple times to pass as Wukong.  So laughable and fake. The real Wukong doesn't have a "heroic" posture or a deep heroic voice.  He is a funky monkey and he is very happy being himself.  I guess the original 1986 actor set a standard too high nobody comes close to be the next Wukong.
Im more of a book reader than I am a TV viewer lol. Tv puts me to sleep unless it is like extremely good and action packed. How's the book. Chinese is so different to English, I can't see how it'll translate well imo. Could you plz take some pics of the content? I'm curious about how ancient Chinese poems are translated. How’s the book? I love a good book & this game is so good. So many poems man. So many The story and characters are great but the writing style is probably going to be quite different than anything you're used to. If you're willing to work through that then it's worth trying to read at least the first book out of four to see how you like it. Im curious, is the game a retelling of the books? Or like a sequel/spin off? After finishing the book/86 TV series, I highly recommend another JTTW spin-off movie (1995-96) by the legendary Stephen Chow. It is highly regarded, quoted, and praised in the Chinese community. The movie comes in 2 parts - Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2 totaling 3.5 hours. O-O-O-Only you~ It's a "Black Myth", meaning the devs are doing a story based on journey to the west, and in this case it's AFTER the journey ended and Wukong being himself isn't that far fetched to challenge the court again.    So you're just playing a monkey that looks like Wukong and you're searching to piece back the relics of him and htat's the game (so it revists all the characters from teh book, except over HALF is missing, that's why DLCs ar for i guess) The game explores an extended tale AFTER the JTTW story, not the recount of it. The game being set in a different parallel universe is the best way to think about it. The story of the game happens many years after the story of the book, and many parts of it draw upon the lore of the original. However, characters have different motifs and a lot of how and why things happened are reappropriated for this much darker plot line. It’s 1 of the 4 greatest piece of Chinese literature.
How's the book. Chinese is so different to English, I can't see how it'll translate well imo.
Could you plz take some pics of the content? I'm curious about how ancient Chinese poems are translated.
How’s the book? I love a good book & this game is so good. So many poems man. So many The story and characters are great but the writing style is probably going to be quite different than anything you're used to. If you're willing to work through that then it's worth trying to read at least the first book out of four to see how you like it. Im curious, is the game a retelling of the books? Or like a sequel/spin off? After finishing the book/86 TV series, I highly recommend another JTTW spin-off movie (1995-96) by the legendary Stephen Chow. It is highly regarded, quoted, and praised in the Chinese community. The movie comes in 2 parts - Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2 totaling 3.5 hours. O-O-O-Only you~ It's a "Black Myth", meaning the devs are doing a story based on journey to the west, and in this case it's AFTER the journey ended and Wukong being himself isn't that far fetched to challenge the court again.    So you're just playing a monkey that looks like Wukong and you're searching to piece back the relics of him and htat's the game (so it revists all the characters from teh book, except over HALF is missing, that's why DLCs ar for i guess) The game explores an extended tale AFTER the JTTW story, not the recount of it. The game being set in a different parallel universe is the best way to think about it. The story of the game happens many years after the story of the book, and many parts of it draw upon the lore of the original. However, characters have different motifs and a lot of how and why things happened are reappropriated for this much darker plot line. It’s 1 of the 4 greatest piece of Chinese literature.
So many poems man. So many
The story and characters are great but the writing style is probably going to be quite different than anything you're used to. If you're willing to work through that then it's worth trying to read at least the first book out of four to see how you like it. Im curious, is the game a retelling of the books? Or like a sequel/spin off? After finishing the book/86 TV series, I highly recommend another JTTW spin-off movie (1995-96) by the legendary Stephen Chow. It is highly regarded, quoted, and praised in the Chinese community. The movie comes in 2 parts - Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2 totaling 3.5 hours. O-O-O-Only you~ It's a "Black Myth", meaning the devs are doing a story based on journey to the west, and in this case it's AFTER the journey ended and Wukong being himself isn't that far fetched to challenge the court again.    So you're just playing a monkey that looks like Wukong and you're searching to piece back the relics of him and htat's the game (so it revists all the characters from teh book, except over HALF is missing, that's why DLCs ar for i guess) The game explores an extended tale AFTER the JTTW story, not the recount of it. The game being set in a different parallel universe is the best way to think about it. The story of the game happens many years after the story of the book, and many parts of it draw upon the lore of the original. However, characters have different motifs and a lot of how and why things happened are reappropriated for this much darker plot line.
Im curious, is the game a retelling of the books? Or like a sequel/spin off? After finishing the book/86 TV series, I highly recommend another JTTW spin-off movie (1995-96) by the legendary Stephen Chow. It is highly regarded, quoted, and praised in the Chinese community. The movie comes in 2 parts - Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2 totaling 3.5 hours. O-O-O-Only you~ It's a "Black Myth", meaning the devs are doing a story based on journey to the west, and in this case it's AFTER the journey ended and Wukong being himself isn't that far fetched to challenge the court again.    So you're just playing a monkey that looks like Wukong and you're searching to piece back the relics of him and htat's the game (so it revists all the characters from teh book, except over HALF is missing, that's why DLCs ar for i guess) The game explores an extended tale AFTER the JTTW story, not the recount of it. The game being set in a different parallel universe is the best way to think about it. The story of the game happens many years after the story of the book, and many parts of it draw upon the lore of the original. However, characters have different motifs and a lot of how and why things happened are reappropriated for this much darker plot line.
After finishing the book/86 TV series, I highly recommend another JTTW spin-off movie (1995-96) by the legendary Stephen Chow. It is highly regarded, quoted, and praised in the Chinese community. The movie comes in 2 parts - Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2 totaling 3.5 hours. O-O-O-Only you~
O-O-O-Only you~
It's a "Black Myth", meaning the devs are doing a story based on journey to the west, and in this case it's AFTER the journey ended and Wukong being himself isn't that far fetched to challenge the court again.    So you're just playing a monkey that looks like Wukong and you're searching to piece back the relics of him and htat's the game (so it revists all the characters from teh book, except over HALF is missing, that's why DLCs ar for i guess)
The game explores an extended tale AFTER the JTTW story, not the recount of it.
The game being set in a different parallel universe is the best way to think about it. The story of the game happens many years after the story of the book, and many parts of it draw upon the lore of the original. However, characters have different motifs and a lot of how and why things happened are reappropriated for this much darker plot line.
It’s 1 of the 4 greatest piece of Chinese literature.
1986 is the only acceptable version, btw :)
I recommend Monkey King: Hero Is Back on Prime Video. It’s the best animated Wu Kong movie in decades.
As a Chinese, I would say that neither the novel nor the 1986 TV series may be easily accepted by most westerners. The TV series is too old, with very outdated filming and effects from today‘s perspective. The novel is a 16th century compilation of a series of folk tales, which were usually told piece by piece by street performers. So it does not follow the general structure of a novel. However, it is still possible that you will enjoy them, and I believe they will be of great help to your understanding of the game‘s plot. Imo, the novel is very easily acceptable.  Because it's a very inclusive fantasy where you are given everything.  Prior knowledge of Chinese mythology is minimally required. The biggest hurdle is to acknowledge the pantheon of Buddhist Gods that are different from the rest of the gods. What I mean is that in terms of narrative structure, it may not be what most people think of as a "novel" As it is compiled from a series of stories, it actually lacks some necessary unity and integrity of long novels. Well, I see JTTW is your classic chronical structure. Monkey broke out from a rock, became king of other monkeys, became super powerful. Monkey fought his way to heaven with nonstop victories.  Lost to Buddha at the last minute. 500 years later, new journey as disciple of a naive monk, fighting many monsters on the way. Monkey and friends fought and survived 80 obstacles (they called it tribulations). Everyone won something, and went home happy.  1 last forced tribulation just to make it 81. It is so straight forward with minimal memory flashbacks.  Yes it has tons of characters.  But the main characters are only a few.  Most of the gods and deities get their cameo appearance and hardly ever seen again.  This is the reason that Journey to the West is probably the only children friendly novel out of the 4 great novels of China.  It's all gods, magic, monsters, so much fun.  Three Kingdoms and Water Margin are heavy in politics and drama.  Dream of Red Chamber is ... super boring for modern average audience.  This is why nobody tried to remake it. I think they made 1000s of children books out of JTTW in both Chinese and foreign languages.  Maybe a few about Three Kingdoms.  The rest ... forget it. Dream of Red Chamber is the closest one here to a modern novel. It's normal that nobody tried to remake it. Most Netflix audiences today wouldn't be interested in a remake of a nineteenth-century French novel either. People just like fantasy things Have you actually watched that series?  It is like Downton Abbey.  Lots of small stories, servant melodrama mixed with problems of rich people.  And for Red Chamber, the whole thing is based on a triangle love of 3 teenagers, very rich and entitled teenagers. Yes, they can make it more relatable to modern audience with the winning formula of Asian tearjerking drama.  But this would stray from source materials. The beauty, and treasure, to Dream of the Red Chamber, is not the silly love story of 3 teenagers, not the stupid problems of the ultra rich people, not the woes of the servants whose entire life goal are to please the rich people.  It is a chronicle so rich in details of the society of Qing dynasty that it outshone any available historical records.  It is a meticulous documentary, or Discovery channel episode about "What is it like to be a citizen of Qing dynasty". It is like me watching Spartacus TV show (the failed Roman slave revolution) just wait for all the tidbits of Roman society on display.  The plot itself went down hill after season 2, writing and acting were not convincing.  But I was stoke about scenes like ... public toilet in Roman era, or how husband and wife are 100% ok with their spouse having sex with the slaves, then get all hurt and broken when their spouse has an affair with another Roman. Water Margin, for the curious, is Shuihu Zhuan, which inspired the Suikoden games. It's pretty much like any cheesy Chinese cinema time period piece you've ever seen. I liked it lol. I was skimming through a few episodes of the '86 series yesterday, and while the effects are very dated by today's standards, there's just something about the dialogue (both writing and delivery) that's aged like fine wine. It's got a very classic feel to it almost like watching theatre, similar to the '94 Three Kingdoms series. "So it does not follow the general structure of a novel" Neither does the game tbh Each chapter in the game is kind of its own seperate saga or tale without any connecting bridge between them I absolutely love to read, im finishing another book right now and then will start it soon!
Imo, the novel is very easily acceptable.  Because it's a very inclusive fantasy where you are given everything.  Prior knowledge of Chinese mythology is minimally required. The biggest hurdle is to acknowledge the pantheon of Buddhist Gods that are different from the rest of the gods. What I mean is that in terms of narrative structure, it may not be what most people think of as a "novel" As it is compiled from a series of stories, it actually lacks some necessary unity and integrity of long novels. Well, I see JTTW is your classic chronical structure. Monkey broke out from a rock, became king of other monkeys, became super powerful. Monkey fought his way to heaven with nonstop victories.  Lost to Buddha at the last minute. 500 years later, new journey as disciple of a naive monk, fighting many monsters on the way. Monkey and friends fought and survived 80 obstacles (they called it tribulations). Everyone won something, and went home happy.  1 last forced tribulation just to make it 81. It is so straight forward with minimal memory flashbacks.  Yes it has tons of characters.  But the main characters are only a few.  Most of the gods and deities get their cameo appearance and hardly ever seen again.  This is the reason that Journey to the West is probably the only children friendly novel out of the 4 great novels of China.  It's all gods, magic, monsters, so much fun.  Three Kingdoms and Water Margin are heavy in politics and drama.  Dream of Red Chamber is ... super boring for modern average audience.  This is why nobody tried to remake it. I think they made 1000s of children books out of JTTW in both Chinese and foreign languages.  Maybe a few about Three Kingdoms.  The rest ... forget it. Dream of Red Chamber is the closest one here to a modern novel. It's normal that nobody tried to remake it. Most Netflix audiences today wouldn't be interested in a remake of a nineteenth-century French novel either. People just like fantasy things Have you actually watched that series?  It is like Downton Abbey.  Lots of small stories, servant melodrama mixed with problems of rich people.  And for Red Chamber, the whole thing is based on a triangle love of 3 teenagers, very rich and entitled teenagers. Yes, they can make it more relatable to modern audience with the winning formula of Asian tearjerking drama.  But this would stray from source materials. The beauty, and treasure, to Dream of the Red Chamber, is not the silly love story of 3 teenagers, not the stupid problems of the ultra rich people, not the woes of the servants whose entire life goal are to please the rich people.  It is a chronicle so rich in details of the society of Qing dynasty that it outshone any available historical records.  It is a meticulous documentary, or Discovery channel episode about "What is it like to be a citizen of Qing dynasty". It is like me watching Spartacus TV show (the failed Roman slave revolution) just wait for all the tidbits of Roman society on display.  The plot itself went down hill after season 2, writing and acting were not convincing.  But I was stoke about scenes like ... public toilet in Roman era, or how husband and wife are 100% ok with their spouse having sex with the slaves, then get all hurt and broken when their spouse has an affair with another Roman. Water Margin, for the curious, is Shuihu Zhuan, which inspired the Suikoden games. It's pretty much like any cheesy Chinese cinema time period piece you've ever seen. I liked it lol.
What I mean is that in terms of narrative structure, it may not be what most people think of as a "novel" As it is compiled from a series of stories, it actually lacks some necessary unity and integrity of long novels. Well, I see JTTW is your classic chronical structure. Monkey broke out from a rock, became king of other monkeys, became super powerful. Monkey fought his way to heaven with nonstop victories.  Lost to Buddha at the last minute. 500 years later, new journey as disciple of a naive monk, fighting many monsters on the way. Monkey and friends fought and survived 80 obstacles (they called it tribulations). Everyone won something, and went home happy.  1 last forced tribulation just to make it 81. It is so straight forward with minimal memory flashbacks.  Yes it has tons of characters.  But the main characters are only a few.  Most of the gods and deities get their cameo appearance and hardly ever seen again.  This is the reason that Journey to the West is probably the only children friendly novel out of the 4 great novels of China.  It's all gods, magic, monsters, so much fun.  Three Kingdoms and Water Margin are heavy in politics and drama.  Dream of Red Chamber is ... super boring for modern average audience.  This is why nobody tried to remake it. I think they made 1000s of children books out of JTTW in both Chinese and foreign languages.  Maybe a few about Three Kingdoms.  The rest ... forget it. Dream of Red Chamber is the closest one here to a modern novel. It's normal that nobody tried to remake it. Most Netflix audiences today wouldn't be interested in a remake of a nineteenth-century French novel either. People just like fantasy things Have you actually watched that series?  It is like Downton Abbey.  Lots of small stories, servant melodrama mixed with problems of rich people.  And for Red Chamber, the whole thing is based on a triangle love of 3 teenagers, very rich and entitled teenagers. Yes, they can make it more relatable to modern audience with the winning formula of Asian tearjerking drama.  But this would stray from source materials. The beauty, and treasure, to Dream of the Red Chamber, is not the silly love story of 3 teenagers, not the stupid problems of the ultra rich people, not the woes of the servants whose entire life goal are to please the rich people.  It is a chronicle so rich in details of the society of Qing dynasty that it outshone any available historical records.  It is a meticulous documentary, or Discovery channel episode about "What is it like to be a citizen of Qing dynasty". It is like me watching Spartacus TV show (the failed Roman slave revolution) just wait for all the tidbits of Roman society on display.  The plot itself went down hill after season 2, writing and acting were not convincing.  But I was stoke about scenes like ... public toilet in Roman era, or how husband and wife are 100% ok with their spouse having sex with the slaves, then get all hurt and broken when their spouse has an affair with another Roman. Water Margin, for the curious, is Shuihu Zhuan, which inspired the Suikoden games. It's pretty much like any cheesy Chinese cinema time period piece you've ever seen. I liked it lol.
Well, I see JTTW is your classic chronical structure. Monkey broke out from a rock, became king of other monkeys, became super powerful. Monkey fought his way to heaven with nonstop victories.  Lost to Buddha at the last minute. 500 years later, new journey as disciple of a naive monk, fighting many monsters on the way. Monkey and friends fought and survived 80 obstacles (they called it tribulations). Everyone won something, and went home happy.  1 last forced tribulation just to make it 81. It is so straight forward with minimal memory flashbacks.  Yes it has tons of characters.  But the main characters are only a few.  Most of the gods and deities get their cameo appearance and hardly ever seen again.  This is the reason that Journey to the West is probably the only children friendly novel out of the 4 great novels of China.  It's all gods, magic, monsters, so much fun.  Three Kingdoms and Water Margin are heavy in politics and drama.  Dream of Red Chamber is ... super boring for modern average audience.  This is why nobody tried to remake it. I think they made 1000s of children books out of JTTW in both Chinese and foreign languages.  Maybe a few about Three Kingdoms.  The rest ... forget it. Dream of Red Chamber is the closest one here to a modern novel. It's normal that nobody tried to remake it. Most Netflix audiences today wouldn't be interested in a remake of a nineteenth-century French novel either. People just like fantasy things Have you actually watched that series?  It is like Downton Abbey.  Lots of small stories, servant melodrama mixed with problems of rich people.  And for Red Chamber, the whole thing is based on a triangle love of 3 teenagers, very rich and entitled teenagers. Yes, they can make it more relatable to modern audience with the winning formula of Asian tearjerking drama.  But this would stray from source materials. The beauty, and treasure, to Dream of the Red Chamber, is not the silly love story of 3 teenagers, not the stupid problems of the ultra rich people, not the woes of the servants whose entire life goal are to please the rich people.  It is a chronicle so rich in details of the society of Qing dynasty that it outshone any available historical records.  It is a meticulous documentary, or Discovery channel episode about "What is it like to be a citizen of Qing dynasty". It is like me watching Spartacus TV show (the failed Roman slave revolution) just wait for all the tidbits of Roman society on display.  The plot itself went down hill after season 2, writing and acting were not convincing.  But I was stoke about scenes like ... public toilet in Roman era, or how husband and wife are 100% ok with their spouse having sex with the slaves, then get all hurt and broken when their spouse has an affair with another Roman. Water Margin, for the curious, is Shuihu Zhuan, which inspired the Suikoden games. It's pretty much like any cheesy Chinese cinema time period piece you've ever seen. I liked it lol.
Dream of Red Chamber is the closest one here to a modern novel. It's normal that nobody tried to remake it. Most Netflix audiences today wouldn't be interested in a remake of a nineteenth-century French novel either. People just like fantasy things Have you actually watched that series?  It is like Downton Abbey.  Lots of small stories, servant melodrama mixed with problems of rich people.  And for Red Chamber, the whole thing is based on a triangle love of 3 teenagers, very rich and entitled teenagers. Yes, they can make it more relatable to modern audience with the winning formula of Asian tearjerking drama.  But this would stray from source materials. The beauty, and treasure, to Dream of the Red Chamber, is not the silly love story of 3 teenagers, not the stupid problems of the ultra rich people, not the woes of the servants whose entire life goal are to please the rich people.  It is a chronicle so rich in details of the society of Qing dynasty that it outshone any available historical records.  It is a meticulous documentary, or Discovery channel episode about "What is it like to be a citizen of Qing dynasty". It is like me watching Spartacus TV show (the failed Roman slave revolution) just wait for all the tidbits of Roman society on display.  The plot itself went down hill after season 2, writing and acting were not convincing.  But I was stoke about scenes like ... public toilet in Roman era, or how husband and wife are 100% ok with their spouse having sex with the slaves, then get all hurt and broken when their spouse has an affair with another Roman.
Have you actually watched that series?  It is like Downton Abbey.  Lots of small stories, servant melodrama mixed with problems of rich people.  And for Red Chamber, the whole thing is based on a triangle love of 3 teenagers, very rich and entitled teenagers. Yes, they can make it more relatable to modern audience with the winning formula of Asian tearjerking drama.  But this would stray from source materials. The beauty, and treasure, to Dream of the Red Chamber, is not the silly love story of 3 teenagers, not the stupid problems of the ultra rich people, not the woes of the servants whose entire life goal are to please the rich people.  It is a chronicle so rich in details of the society of Qing dynasty that it outshone any available historical records.  It is a meticulous documentary, or Discovery channel episode about "What is it like to be a citizen of Qing dynasty". It is like me watching Spartacus TV show (the failed Roman slave revolution) just wait for all the tidbits of Roman society on display.  The plot itself went down hill after season 2, writing and acting were not convincing.  But I was stoke about scenes like ... public toilet in Roman era, or how husband and wife are 100% ok with their spouse having sex with the slaves, then get all hurt and broken when their spouse has an affair with another Roman.
Water Margin, for the curious, is Shuihu Zhuan, which inspired the Suikoden games. It's pretty much like any cheesy Chinese cinema time period piece you've ever seen. I liked it lol.
I was skimming through a few episodes of the '86 series yesterday, and while the effects are very dated by today's standards, there's just something about the dialogue (both writing and delivery) that's aged like fine wine. It's got a very classic feel to it almost like watching theatre, similar to the '94 Three Kingdoms series.
"So it does not follow the general structure of a novel" Neither does the game tbh Each chapter in the game is kind of its own seperate saga or tale without any connecting bridge between them
I absolutely love to read, im finishing another book right now and then will start it soon!
Is this the whole story?? It looks like this is Volume 1 of 4 Oof. Thanks About a fourth to a third of each volume are footnotes explaining Chinese philiosphy, concepts, wordplay, and historical references. If you want a condesned version translated in a more novel-like/modern format, there's abridged translations that are much shorter and easier reads. In addition, there's a lot of poems with with short verses. Many fightes are described with poems, grand locations are described with poems, and Wukong habitually breaks into poem to insult people. If I remember correctly the first volume is all about Wukong, the actual journey only starts in volume 2 Edit: this is why people don’t remember who’s the actual main character of the story, and think the monkey king is the protagonist I just started but I believe the main character in the book is a pilgrim. Hoping to run into the book characters soon!! Yes it is a pilgrim, but most don’t even remember him because the first volume is just focused on wukong can’t blame them though he is the best character after all xD Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it You can read it from thejourneytothewest.com
It looks like this is Volume 1 of 4 Oof. Thanks About a fourth to a third of each volume are footnotes explaining Chinese philiosphy, concepts, wordplay, and historical references. If you want a condesned version translated in a more novel-like/modern format, there's abridged translations that are much shorter and easier reads. In addition, there's a lot of poems with with short verses. Many fightes are described with poems, grand locations are described with poems, and Wukong habitually breaks into poem to insult people. If I remember correctly the first volume is all about Wukong, the actual journey only starts in volume 2 Edit: this is why people don’t remember who’s the actual main character of the story, and think the monkey king is the protagonist I just started but I believe the main character in the book is a pilgrim. Hoping to run into the book characters soon!! Yes it is a pilgrim, but most don’t even remember him because the first volume is just focused on wukong can’t blame them though he is the best character after all xD Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
Oof. Thanks About a fourth to a third of each volume are footnotes explaining Chinese philiosphy, concepts, wordplay, and historical references. If you want a condesned version translated in a more novel-like/modern format, there's abridged translations that are much shorter and easier reads. In addition, there's a lot of poems with with short verses. Many fightes are described with poems, grand locations are described with poems, and Wukong habitually breaks into poem to insult people. If I remember correctly the first volume is all about Wukong, the actual journey only starts in volume 2 Edit: this is why people don’t remember who’s the actual main character of the story, and think the monkey king is the protagonist I just started but I believe the main character in the book is a pilgrim. Hoping to run into the book characters soon!! Yes it is a pilgrim, but most don’t even remember him because the first volume is just focused on wukong can’t blame them though he is the best character after all xD Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
About a fourth to a third of each volume are footnotes explaining Chinese philiosphy, concepts, wordplay, and historical references. If you want a condesned version translated in a more novel-like/modern format, there's abridged translations that are much shorter and easier reads. In addition, there's a lot of poems with with short verses. Many fightes are described with poems, grand locations are described with poems, and Wukong habitually breaks into poem to insult people.
If I remember correctly the first volume is all about Wukong, the actual journey only starts in volume 2 Edit: this is why people don’t remember who’s the actual main character of the story, and think the monkey king is the protagonist I just started but I believe the main character in the book is a pilgrim. Hoping to run into the book characters soon!! Yes it is a pilgrim, but most don’t even remember him because the first volume is just focused on wukong can’t blame them though he is the best character after all xD Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
I just started but I believe the main character in the book is a pilgrim. Hoping to run into the book characters soon!! Yes it is a pilgrim, but most don’t even remember him because the first volume is just focused on wukong can’t blame them though he is the best character after all xD Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
Yes it is a pilgrim, but most don’t even remember him because the first volume is just focused on wukong can’t blame them though he is the best character after all xD Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
Yes I'm excited to see Bajie and all these other game characters showing up in the book!! After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
After you read the story go back to the game, you’ll understand way better, especially the connections between wukong and all the other characters, the game is truly a love letter to the novel and fans of it
You can read it from thejourneytothewest.com
Hey body, I am appreciate you like black wukong,it's Chinese game and I am local Chinese. So when I watched the cover of Journey to the West，it's not real journey to the west, if you like TV series I recommend  1986 version of Journey to the West(u can watch it on youtobe), if u like reading I recommend Journey to the West by Wu Chengen. Thank you. What is the difference between the Wu Chengen Journey to the West and the book in my picture? Wu Chengen is the author of the novel, just that its not printed on your book thats all. Its kind of odd that they put the translator on the cover and not the author name He’s talking about the original work, Wu Chengen is the author of the original 16th century novel.
Thank you. What is the difference between the Wu Chengen Journey to the West and the book in my picture? Wu Chengen is the author of the novel, just that its not printed on your book thats all. Its kind of odd that they put the translator on the cover and not the author name He’s talking about the original work, Wu Chengen is the author of the original 16th century novel.
Wu Chengen is the author of the novel, just that its not printed on your book thats all. Its kind of odd that they put the translator on the cover and not the author name
He’s talking about the original work, Wu Chengen is the author of the original 16th century novel.
I really appreciate op’s action power for hobbies. As a native Chinese, I feel ashamed that although being told to read the four great classical novels since childhood, I have never finished doing so (though I did watch all of the four TV dramas, which have become shared memory of an era） The recent Black myth Wukong hype made me realize that I should cherish and appreciate my mother tongue culture more, and don‘t forget my roots while embracing the world.
get ready for filler brother 🙏😭 Just like the animes I watch then 😆🤣
Just like the animes I watch then 😆🤣
Warch overly sarcastic productions telling of the story
Enjoy! From childhood it's a tale that has always been and still remains my favourite. Even ignoring how immeasurably vast its influence is, it's also just a book that holds up really well even to modern standards. The translations lose a lot of the poetry though which is a bit of a shame. One thing I really liked about the game was how they integrated the poetry into the yaoguai entries as a way of emulating the style of the novel. But yeah great story that also happens to be one of the single most influential in history, so you'll definitely get a lot out of reading it.
Same my dad got this type of book of it from Amazon app/website
this game is the best for year Agreed
Agreed
The movies are awesome too
Love the cover. I know it’s very difficult to read since it’s written in ancient Chinese style. Hopefully this is a simplified version 🧡
I bought the whole set. It was pretty expensive but I'm a big reader and I really enjoyed Wukong so hopefully it works out.
I listened to the audiobook first and it's actually amazing. It really helps your understanding of monkey and the side characters like Bajie. Esp if you're a one piece or DBZ fan, I didn't realize Journey was what inspired them. I started the book and I'm like, that's Luffy! If you have read the book, you'll know it's actually trying to portrait that many of these brutal demons are some pets of those holy gods. Every time WuKong is about to kill a demon their master shows up from heaven and ask WuKong to stop and then taking away their pet. Something deep in the stories.
If you have read the book, you'll know it's actually trying to portrait that many of these brutal demons are some pets of those holy gods. Every time WuKong is about to kill a demon their master shows up from heaven and ask WuKong to stop and then taking away their pet. Something deep in the stories.
Same ! But in another language for me tho ! Actually i bought those a long time before the game release because i was hyped since the announce but because of some matters i didn't finish them before the game release, BUT i'm on it. They should be/i hope complete because they contain books 1 up to 10 (first one) and books 10 up to 20 (second one)
lol, as Chinese growing up we were all told by the teachers to read the four great novels, but very few of us actually did. So don’t worry if you can not finish the book, the TV series is on YouTube.
Is there a book with pictures of journey to the west https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73XAgADpBqY&list=PLTYeDakuqA3_Lyt0jogwdJMpgR9Dbaf0k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73XAgADpBqY&list=PLTYeDakuqA3_Lyt0jogwdJMpgR9Dbaf0k
版主已移除评论 nezha's big brother,mu zha.student of guanyin
nezha's big brother,mu zha.student of guanyin
I'll probably buy the book because I just can't with this game anymore 😂 I somehow managed to breeze through chapter 5 but if the boss gauntlet of 6 is this bad (stuck on the supreme inspector) then I don't know what I'm going to do. I can't just drop it knowing I'm at the end
Who is that character on the far left? Never seen him in any JTTW TV shows
用户已删除评论
Might read the story before playing the game
How's the first impressions? Its definitely different from western writing styles but im liking it. Its kind of like Shakespeare poetic style writing. I'm going to dive into it fully once I'm done with another book I've been reading. If you find this exhaustive please please please checkout the Julia Lovell adaptation "Monkey King: a journey to the west"
Its definitely different from western writing styles but im liking it. Its kind of like Shakespeare poetic style writing. I'm going to dive into it fully once I'm done with another book I've been reading. If you find this exhaustive please please please checkout the Julia Lovell adaptation "Monkey King: a journey to the west"
If you find this exhaustive please please please checkout the Julia Lovell adaptation "Monkey King: a journey to the west"
Who's that boy on the left?
You did good to get this version. It's full of footnotes and additional material that will reveal things about the story that you couldn't know otherwise, and give you very specific and obscure bits of Chinese folklore and culture. It's a rather weird novel overall as you'll discover quickly, but that's what makes it the huge cultural phenomenon that it is.
I had to listen to myself
I did the same thing.
That’s so cool! How many volumes are there? 4
4
Aa it is that old - how hard is it to read? Thinking about getting it also
Enjoy! I heard about the story when I was 11 and 4 years ago finally had time to buy the story. An amazing read, weirdly modern at points. The poetry captivating and the mechanic on the idiot and the mind apes relationship is great. I did Enjoy how the author did not like the civil service. Yet every major deity had people under them practically.
lol I bought the same edition
Is this book based on the game? /s 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
Overly Sarcastic Productions has a great series https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61nuXrvqNgI&list=PLDb22nlVXGgdg_NR_-GtTrMnbMVmtSSXa
You never know. Wu Chengen wrote it after playing Black Myth Wukong for only a few hours.
I bought the audiobook for same reason, and found a children's adaptation that I bought for my nieces and nephews
Where did you order this version of the book ? Cant seem to find this edition
Me too!!!! Sadly the individual chapters were too expensive to buy in my country, so I had to get the abridged novel. I can't wait to start reading it :D
The monkey king is very powerful, he'll help you out of a tight spot and will teach you how to help yourself. It doesn't always make sense what he's doing but it alwayss eems to work out in the end if you trust him.
You should watch the movie A Chinese Odyssey also!
You're the real G.
I also would love to read it but it seems like it was never translated in french. I saw someone post the french version in comment
I saw someone post the french version in comment
First two books are on sale today (9/9/24) for Kindle.
版主已移除评论 This game kind of parallels Hogwarts Legacy in terms of marketing. Beautiful game that follows an amazingly famous IP Every chinese kids know the story of JTTW, mostly by animes and comics, some of people will read the book out of interest, the ancient chinese language and massive poems are really barriers not only for foreigners but for natives, so it's only recommended after students learning classical chinese in high school.
This game kind of parallels Hogwarts Legacy in terms of marketing. Beautiful game that follows an amazingly famous IP
Every chinese kids know the story of JTTW, mostly by animes and comics, some of people will read the book out of interest, the ancient chinese language and massive poems are really barriers not only for foreigners but for natives, so it's only recommended after students learning classical chinese in high school.
Splendid！Splendid！
I’m trying to find the original version of this on audiobook, the one I’m listening to now is called monkey, and it sounds like it’s the start of his life. How many chapters is the journey to the west,and  Are there a series of novels? Like is it monkey and then journey to the west? My fiancé is Vietnamese and a few years ago when I first heard a blackmyth wu Kong I told my girl I was excited to play it . And she said “if I knew the story”. I said no, and we went on a binge watching TV shows and movies and her explaining the book and her culture to me. She’s also half Chinese. She’s very familiar with the story and grew up watching the old-fashioned TV series. She said this book is famous and shows a lot of Asian culture and ideas . There are 25 chapters and this is the first volume of 4. Im going to read this first volume to the end. I will note that there are a lot of appendices and I think the difficulty with a book like this is the references that outsiders like us will not pick up easily. Much like how a Chinese person new to America wouldn't understand our references and sayings we take for granted. I dont know about the book Monkey, this is the first im hearing of it.
There are 25 chapters and this is the first volume of 4. Im going to read this first volume to the end. I will note that there are a lot of appendices and I think the difficulty with a book like this is the references that outsiders like us will not pick up easily. Much like how a Chinese person new to America wouldn't understand our references and sayings we take for granted. I dont know about the book Monkey, this is the first im hearing of it.
The first 70ish pages are an introduction lmaooo btw here's the full story vol 1-4 free pdf download same book and everything
I read the unrevised yu translation multiple times, thanks for the reminder to check out the revised!
I have one of the books, but would definitely need to get the other two.
Am reading it also
I also recommend the Overlysarcasticproductions on YouTube
That's just volume one of a four part series. You could consider the abridged 600 pg version of you feel hard pressed for time.
You should also watch Stephen Chow's movie A Chinese Odyssey(大话西游) and read Jin Hezai's novel Monkey King: Hero is Back(悟空传) , because many references in this game come from these two works.
Think you guys are forgetting about the cartoon which is one of the best adaptations of journey to the west: Badass intro praising Wukong https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8CtY3x0J83o Episode 1: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EhfXXDaASDc&list=PLtRtp56qdtpXs_PrYsedEBJT5qZcZwOQ3&index=1&pp=iAQB One of my favorite lines Wukong says is when he reveals himself and is like,  "Yup it's me the great sage equal to heaven!   Now tie yourselves up and prepare to face punishment!"  Such a cocky badass XD
“The mind control is working general, they will assimilate into our way of life” LMAOO
need more indian characters lols
Bro I got the exact same one because of the game
I was actually thinking about buying it, but I'm a little worried that something written in the 1500s in Chinese and then translated to English won't be very enjoyable to read. Is the text changed in any way to make it an easier read, or is it just translated straight from the original?
Who is the extra person in the cover? I know there is the monkey king, the monk, the horse, pig, and the sea guy.
Currently watching the show. Jinchanzi basically just has two reactions throughout the series: wukong, I'm hungry, beg for food amithaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa 🙏 😴
I also would love to read it but it seems like it was never translated in french.
I believe this book is free on Kindle, at least the Chinese version is.
I believe this book is free on Kindle, at least the Chinese version is.
I believe this book is free on Kindle, at least the Chinese version is.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/BrushKatMini , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/BrushKatMini , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
It’s $4 on kindle.
yess same! I watched the 1986 tv series & loved it. Now just waiting to get the book in the mail! 🤝 excited to read. fascinating story!
who is this 5th member in this journey?
Translated and Edited by Anthony C. Yu Later & Ali Gator
Black myth Wukong made me start watching Lego Monkie Kid And even know I never played the game, I started watching the 1970’s Japanese adaptation again, especially its iconic English Dub that aired on the BBC
And even know I never played the game, I started watching the 1970’s Japanese adaptation again, especially its iconic English Dub that aired on the BBC
I’ve been looking for the complete set but haven’t found it yet. Been wanting to buy since I got the game
There's a graphic novel version out there too that seems to have suddenly got very rare...
Bought this same version of book a couple months after the game was announced! I need to finish!
I'm considering doing the same.
Monkey is supposed to be 120cm tall.
I just got this same book, i just downloaded it off the internet though
I downloaded the audiobook , haven’t started it yet !
I downloaded the book onto my phone because of this game, always loved mythology but never much got into Chinese
Well, do need to set your expectations. The game takes massive “creative liberty” on the source material and a lot of characters are very different.
Hey for anyone interested, I highly recommend the recent adaptation of the novel by Julia lovel. It is as faithful to the original text as possible, in very easy to read English adaptation, it is humorous, and also cuts some of the most repetitive episodes of the story. The forward is an excellent primer on the impact of the book. Please check it out. Cool thank you!!
Cool thank you!!
Congrats to find the treasure! This book is really fun to read, full of humor.
Tips: This book should be read between the lines, bearing in mind that the novel was written when the society was corrupted beyond redemption.
Amazing! I loved the cover! How many volumes are in this particular version? How many pages on each volume on average?
good history
I really hope someone can read this, this book is the source of BMW's script, but it's a pity there is no English version... https://www.amazon.com/Legend-Wu-Kong-Chinese/dp/7550277672
You should consider reading about Hanumanji. The story of Wukong is originally inspired from him. EDIT: I knew I'll get downvoted by dimwitted folks. For those who are interested in history, here's the source: https://youtu.be/TAASAsLKFDQ?si=jkSwwjAO7jG924St
