someone please describe it to me better than he did because I am kinda intrigued now ================================================================================  评论列表:
Monke track me Monke with stick He gets it Powerful q-tip Monke = Stonk!!! And a big ass head-but!!! Stick goes bonk!!! MONK with a stick
Monke with stick He gets it Powerful q-tip Monke = Stonk!!! And a big ass head-but!!! Stick goes bonk!!!
He gets it
Powerful q-tip
Monke = Stonk!!!
And a big ass head-but!!!
Stick goes bonk!!!
MONK with a stick
Him - Monkey with Stick You - Say No More.
"Monke with a stick" he was so real for that I’m starting to realize that he wasn’t wrong about about that either Easy comparison is god of war but instead of old man with axe  beating up god you play monkey with stick beating up gods. The combat does feel a lot like Elden Ring but more easier. But the gameplay is 100% God of War most of the time. You wouldn’t use the word more, there good sir. Back on topic tho it doesn’t feel like elden ring but easier it feels like gow and ghost had a baby and what came from it was a god tier version of both Fair was more thinking on how the bosses play out but either way the game is fun no matter what game the combat feels inspired by more. This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries Feels more like Sekiro than Elden ring to me I don’t agree I find the combat in Elden ring far easier, because you have more control, in this game you press 1 button, and your character does 5 actions.  It makes for a more interesting combat, but I wouldn’t say easier, because if I die in Elden ring I think ok I need to time that better, or I was going to fast and not paying attention to the game and spacing out instead, but when I die in Wukong It’s because my character was doing too long a combo, and I couldn’t cancel it to dodge, or change attacks.   The less control you have the worse the combat in my opinion.
I’m starting to realize that he wasn’t wrong about about that either Easy comparison is god of war but instead of old man with axe  beating up god you play monkey with stick beating up gods. The combat does feel a lot like Elden Ring but more easier. But the gameplay is 100% God of War most of the time. You wouldn’t use the word more, there good sir. Back on topic tho it doesn’t feel like elden ring but easier it feels like gow and ghost had a baby and what came from it was a god tier version of both Fair was more thinking on how the bosses play out but either way the game is fun no matter what game the combat feels inspired by more. This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries Feels more like Sekiro than Elden ring to me I don’t agree I find the combat in Elden ring far easier, because you have more control, in this game you press 1 button, and your character does 5 actions.  It makes for a more interesting combat, but I wouldn’t say easier, because if I die in Elden ring I think ok I need to time that better, or I was going to fast and not paying attention to the game and spacing out instead, but when I die in Wukong It’s because my character was doing too long a combo, and I couldn’t cancel it to dodge, or change attacks.   The less control you have the worse the combat in my opinion.
Easy comparison is god of war but instead of old man with axe  beating up god you play monkey with stick beating up gods. The combat does feel a lot like Elden Ring but more easier. But the gameplay is 100% God of War most of the time. You wouldn’t use the word more, there good sir. Back on topic tho it doesn’t feel like elden ring but easier it feels like gow and ghost had a baby and what came from it was a god tier version of both Fair was more thinking on how the bosses play out but either way the game is fun no matter what game the combat feels inspired by more. This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries Feels more like Sekiro than Elden ring to me I don’t agree I find the combat in Elden ring far easier, because you have more control, in this game you press 1 button, and your character does 5 actions.  It makes for a more interesting combat, but I wouldn’t say easier, because if I die in Elden ring I think ok I need to time that better, or I was going to fast and not paying attention to the game and spacing out instead, but when I die in Wukong It’s because my character was doing too long a combo, and I couldn’t cancel it to dodge, or change attacks.   The less control you have the worse the combat in my opinion.
The combat does feel a lot like Elden Ring but more easier. But the gameplay is 100% God of War most of the time. You wouldn’t use the word more, there good sir. Back on topic tho it doesn’t feel like elden ring but easier it feels like gow and ghost had a baby and what came from it was a god tier version of both Fair was more thinking on how the bosses play out but either way the game is fun no matter what game the combat feels inspired by more. This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries Feels more like Sekiro than Elden ring to me I don’t agree I find the combat in Elden ring far easier, because you have more control, in this game you press 1 button, and your character does 5 actions.  It makes for a more interesting combat, but I wouldn’t say easier, because if I die in Elden ring I think ok I need to time that better, or I was going to fast and not paying attention to the game and spacing out instead, but when I die in Wukong It’s because my character was doing too long a combo, and I couldn’t cancel it to dodge, or change attacks.   The less control you have the worse the combat in my opinion.
You wouldn’t use the word more, there good sir. Back on topic tho it doesn’t feel like elden ring but easier it feels like gow and ghost had a baby and what came from it was a god tier version of both Fair was more thinking on how the bosses play out but either way the game is fun no matter what game the combat feels inspired by more. This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries Feels more like Sekiro than Elden ring to me
Fair was more thinking on how the bosses play out but either way the game is fun no matter what game the combat feels inspired by more. This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries
This is facts I think it’ll be goty and if not it’ll be nominated Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries
Easier? Speak for yourselves mates. I'm on attempt number 27 with big baby headed statue. I'm up to 14 sparks though. I figure by the time I have about 30, I should be ready to actually start the game and beat big baby. I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over. I skipped that one after too many tries
I beat him by using my immobilize spell, and getting in damage then running from him until my immobilize is available again,  it took a long time, but I tried to fight him straight up a few times, and the fights took way to long to die at the end and have to start over.
I skipped that one after too many tries
Feels more like Sekiro than Elden ring to me
I don’t agree I find the combat in Elden ring far easier, because you have more control, in this game you press 1 button, and your character does 5 actions.  It makes for a more interesting combat, but I wouldn’t say easier, because if I die in Elden ring I think ok I need to time that better, or I was going to fast and not paying attention to the game and spacing out instead, but when I die in Wukong It’s because my character was doing too long a combo, and I couldn’t cancel it to dodge, or change attacks.   The less control you have the worse the combat in my opinion.
It's a 3rd person action RPG that is based on Journey to the West.  You play as the Destined One, a monkey on a quest to retrieve the 6 relics that are the senses of the Wukong to revive him. There are a lot unique bosses based from Chinese mythology and Journey to the West. But yeah you play as a monkey with a stick.  But you can transform too. After watching a few trailers I gotta say that it does look cool! Adding it to my list of games that I might pick up eventually. And I thought he was joking about the monkey thing but no you literally play as a monkey You don’t have to dedicate significant time. You can just play in spurts as it’s relatively linear, allowing you to go at your own pace. So even if you put it down for a week and then pick it up, you won’t feel lost. It’s a good stress reliever, whether it’s the combat or the visuals. Stress reliever until you find a Golden big head mf. that lightning frog is still clapping my cheeks 💀 I just reached him got slapped and went to the other side lmao yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it Circle around him! When he initiates certain attacks he will be locked on that attack animation for a long time, it gives you the time you need to get quite a few hits in! Just be careful with those eletrical attacks that track you. Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round! Bro, stone vanguard was giving me the backshots from hell Bloody tiger for me got him after a few tries he was kind of annoying with those little spurts of electricity bouncing in the water Calling this game a stress reliever is hilarious Step 1: unlock strand of many Step 2: laugh as every boss crumbles before your Naruto bullshit Stress reliever hmmmmmm He is a stone monkey. He has no parents. He is a earthy spirit nurtured by the air for millennia years. With a stick The game is amazing, Im almost done with chapter 2. It’s also a good challenging game with lots of Bosses and secrets to find. It’s a game you won’t forget I can guarantee it. It's good, I'm stuck on the last boss of the first area, pretty frustrated but it's a skill issue I'm confident of that, I'm an avg gamer at best despite being a souls vet, and I've made more mistakes on games(by buying them) than virtually anyone on the planet( I have like 250+ games on PS) and this will def not be one of them, I agree pretty much straight up with the IGN review/rating, although I've not yet gotten to areas they say have more issues but I'm not worried about it, with the money they're making anything fixable will be I would think.
After watching a few trailers I gotta say that it does look cool! Adding it to my list of games that I might pick up eventually. And I thought he was joking about the monkey thing but no you literally play as a monkey You don’t have to dedicate significant time. You can just play in spurts as it’s relatively linear, allowing you to go at your own pace. So even if you put it down for a week and then pick it up, you won’t feel lost. It’s a good stress reliever, whether it’s the combat or the visuals. Stress reliever until you find a Golden big head mf. that lightning frog is still clapping my cheeks 💀 I just reached him got slapped and went to the other side lmao yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it Circle around him! When he initiates certain attacks he will be locked on that attack animation for a long time, it gives you the time you need to get quite a few hits in! Just be careful with those eletrical attacks that track you. Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round! Bro, stone vanguard was giving me the backshots from hell Bloody tiger for me got him after a few tries he was kind of annoying with those little spurts of electricity bouncing in the water Calling this game a stress reliever is hilarious Step 1: unlock strand of many Step 2: laugh as every boss crumbles before your Naruto bullshit Stress reliever hmmmmmm He is a stone monkey. He has no parents. He is a earthy spirit nurtured by the air for millennia years. With a stick The game is amazing, Im almost done with chapter 2. It’s also a good challenging game with lots of Bosses and secrets to find. It’s a game you won’t forget I can guarantee it. It's good, I'm stuck on the last boss of the first area, pretty frustrated but it's a skill issue I'm confident of that, I'm an avg gamer at best despite being a souls vet, and I've made more mistakes on games(by buying them) than virtually anyone on the planet( I have like 250+ games on PS) and this will def not be one of them, I agree pretty much straight up with the IGN review/rating, although I've not yet gotten to areas they say have more issues but I'm not worried about it, with the money they're making anything fixable will be I would think.
You don’t have to dedicate significant time. You can just play in spurts as it’s relatively linear, allowing you to go at your own pace. So even if you put it down for a week and then pick it up, you won’t feel lost. It’s a good stress reliever, whether it’s the combat or the visuals. Stress reliever until you find a Golden big head mf. that lightning frog is still clapping my cheeks 💀 I just reached him got slapped and went to the other side lmao yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it Circle around him! When he initiates certain attacks he will be locked on that attack animation for a long time, it gives you the time you need to get quite a few hits in! Just be careful with those eletrical attacks that track you. Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round! Bro, stone vanguard was giving me the backshots from hell Bloody tiger for me got him after a few tries he was kind of annoying with those little spurts of electricity bouncing in the water Calling this game a stress reliever is hilarious Step 1: unlock strand of many Step 2: laugh as every boss crumbles before your Naruto bullshit Stress reliever hmmmmmm
Stress reliever until you find a Golden big head mf. that lightning frog is still clapping my cheeks 💀 I just reached him got slapped and went to the other side lmao yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it Circle around him! When he initiates certain attacks he will be locked on that attack animation for a long time, it gives you the time you need to get quite a few hits in! Just be careful with those eletrical attacks that track you. Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round! Bro, stone vanguard was giving me the backshots from hell Bloody tiger for me got him after a few tries he was kind of annoying with those little spurts of electricity bouncing in the water
that lightning frog is still clapping my cheeks 💀 I just reached him got slapped and went to the other side lmao yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it Circle around him! When he initiates certain attacks he will be locked on that attack animation for a long time, it gives you the time you need to get quite a few hits in! Just be careful with those eletrical attacks that track you. Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round! Bro, stone vanguard was giving me the backshots from hell Bloody tiger for me got him after a few tries he was kind of annoying with those little spurts of electricity bouncing in the water
I just reached him got slapped and went to the other side lmao yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it
yeh I wanted to do that too but I kept telling myself let's just try one more time....its my 6th time There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it
There is a video trending on Chinese Weibo and a wife asking husband “is this the only enemy in the game?” After husband spent whole night trying to beat it
Circle around him! When he initiates certain attacks he will be locked on that attack animation for a long time, it gives you the time you need to get quite a few hits in! Just be careful with those eletrical attacks that track you. Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round!
Tips for the wind dude? I get so close so many times, currently taking a break, got him to 5% once with like 4 gourds left and he just annihilated me, I def have an issue of losing composure when leading in boss battles, spans across many titles😮‍💨 Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round!
Breathe, my good sir - if you fail, you’ve still learned something new for the next round!
Bro, stone vanguard was giving me the backshots from hell
Bloody tiger for me
got him after a few tries he was kind of annoying with those little spurts of electricity bouncing in the water
Calling this game a stress reliever is hilarious Step 1: unlock strand of many Step 2: laugh as every boss crumbles before your Naruto bullshit
Step 1: unlock strand of many Step 2: laugh as every boss crumbles before your Naruto bullshit
Stress reliever hmmmmmm
He is a stone monkey. He has no parents. He is a earthy spirit nurtured by the air for millennia years.
With a stick
The game is amazing, Im almost done with chapter 2. It’s also a good challenging game with lots of Bosses and secrets to find. It’s a game you won’t forget I can guarantee it.
It's good, I'm stuck on the last boss of the first area, pretty frustrated but it's a skill issue I'm confident of that, I'm an avg gamer at best despite being a souls vet, and I've made more mistakes on games(by buying them) than virtually anyone on the planet( I have like 250+ games on PS) and this will def not be one of them, I agree pretty much straight up with the IGN review/rating, although I've not yet gotten to areas they say have more issues but I'm not worried about it, with the money they're making anything fixable will be I would think.
Stick get big monke stay same size Sometimes monke get big and stick get bigger. I prefer when only stick get bigger
Sometimes monke get big and stick get bigger. I prefer when only stick get bigger
I prefer when only stick get bigger
用户已删除评论
Reject humanity, return to monke (with stick)
monkey with a stick, Very descriptive and clear.
What could be cooler than a monkey with a stick beating the shit out of stuff
You recover health by boozing.
版主已移除评论 Thank you. I wasn't actually sure if I was playing as sun wukong or what. The book is amazing too, I highly recommend it. PS5 version is also gorgeous and runs very well.
Thank you. I wasn't actually sure if I was playing as sun wukong or what. The book is amazing too, I highly recommend it.
PS5 version is also gorgeous and runs very well.
Basically… I’m monkey
The last reply should have been “I’m sold”
The stick grows in size too, pretty cool stick if you ask me.
Monkey with a very big long reaching stick😁
I mean, he's not wrong. That's basically the summary of the entire mythology of Wukong, just in general
Monke with stick fight fury
So, you're Sun Wukong right? (Dammnit) I'm Son Goku, yes.
You play as a monkey with a stick, he already explained it to you.
That's all you need to know you are monke and have stick and transform into blue man
Stick monkey rip sick vape, rides it
This: https://youtube.com/shorts/a8odPEHeDps?si=mbGnGzVJ0cxD8HX3
It’s a pretty good game especially being that it’s about a monkey with a stick.
It is indeed monkey with stick
That is all he needs to know. The rest is to be experienced.
Lol i told my girl i was finally playing a new game.  She asked what's it called. I said "Monkey man and the mad banana". To her credit  she said "ew who named that". Lol lol. Me. It was me who gave it that name.
When I heard of this game I just Googled, “Monkey game ps5” and this popped up 😆
Monke
I would play black myth waking. Sounds like a real trip. black myth wanking lol
black myth wanking lol
Og Dragonball
its just monke with stick
Accurate 😂
Monke go bonk
If had bought this day one if there was a PS5 physical version 😔I’ll wait
Monke buddha
Haha that's funny tbh.
Monkey with stick go boom boom! Better?
Monke
Never heard of this game? Well congrats, now you know the most played singleplayer game ever
It really proves that you are brothers
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: maomao05 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-08-23T01:17:51.232000+0000 内容: ... lmaooo
We gamers don’t want much, just a monke with a stick is good enough.
Angry monkey big staff go bonk
"Monkey with stick" lol so true
It’s literally as accurate as it gets.
You play as the Chinese monkey king’s descendant, on a journey to reviving the ancestor.
Not a gamer if never heard abt it😂
Monkey with stick LMAO 🤣
Its a game about a monkey with a stick, running around beating the living the crap out of everyone.
This is easily the best description of a game I've seen—clear and straightforward. From now on, I'm calling it the "monkey with a stick" game.
Who wouldn’t want to kick some ass with Rafiki from Lion King.
Monke do indeed have stick
Him: Monke  You: Sounds compelling  Him: Monke has stick You: I'm sold  Him: Monke also has powers and can transform and duplicate himself.  You: Now you're just overselling it. You had at "Monke with stick," now shut up and take my money!!
Where's the lie?
“Monke with stick” Ok no need to spoil the whole game
God of War but you're a monkey That's so it, kratos but monkey, still badass somehow, and high pitched voice, total opposite
That's so it, kratos but monkey, still badass somehow, and high pitched voice, total opposite
Why would you not just go on YouTube I did, but I just thought this would be fun to share.
I did, but I just thought this would be fun to share.
monke goku big stick fight on nimbus cloud
Go watch a gameplay trailer on YouTube then swipe your card. Or swipe your card first. Either way you’re gonna pay $60 because this game is undeniable
Tbf what's it look like is a stupid question. You deserve that "monkey"
版主已移除评论
Monke w stick and powers
Monkey with stick and magic
版主已移除评论
He’s not wrong, I monke with stick too
😂
版主已移除评论
Monkey with a magical wand but more like a prehistoric lightsaber
This is how my brother and I text lol
Quite accurate. I get this monke with a stick popping up on my screen all the time
I want Black Myth waking!
That’s exactly what I said, it’s a monkey with a stick hitting things, and my brother said, sounds fun I’m in🤣
I'm sold. Lol
版主已移除评论
Is monke is true
Black monkey Wu tang
It is monkey king!
that’s really all you need to know if i’m being honest
Big monke small monke
The Monkey King is the most popular character in the Chinese mythological system.
That's how I heard of it too lol. A text from my brother today. Game totally took me by surprise. Phenomenal.
Return
The golden moneky rises up with a mighty stick
some how, I've seen the tralier of this game 7~8 years ago, is that right? how can it be launch in 2024? so long? first video materials went public date is aug.20 2020
first video materials went public date is aug.20 2020
🐵🧘‍♂️ 👊🏻 🇨🇳
Ever heard of YouTube bro?
Monke with a big stick
Go back to monke
Sun Wukong, but afterwards
Monkey bonk
用户已删除评论
Stronk monke with stronk stik
Apes together strong
I can confirm it’s a monkey with a stick
Thats very inaccurate actually, Kung fu Monkey with stick is way more accurate. Does that help ? 🤣
Man, I've never actually read journey to the West, but in almost anything I see him in, Sun Wukong is so cool. Getting to be monkey with stick is awesome
It literally is a monkey with a stick
Minimum elaboration requirements
stick go inside ear
Monkey with stick, lol. A monkey on Huaguoshan.
monkey fights with 100k man
Monke go aah-aah when suprised.
Its like devil may cry but instead of playing as human or devil, you playing as a monkey (and it can be annoying because everytime in combat it would let out monkey like battlescream uu akk uu akk)
Ride wife
What else needs to be said? Lol
Monke with stick go wa bi bo bo
Other people's Wukong VS My Monkey...
Monkey with a stick is perfect description of what you will get in this game
Will this game blow up my old ass 1080ti? I wanna get it but it looks 2 gud
版主已移除评论
lmao, I think your brother is right and btw, the stick can be longer or shorter. yep!
Monkey with stick beating yellow-skin gods and furries. -I’m Chinese-
Monke keeng wiff steek.
Monkey with zimmer frame
The game tickles my monke brain
Well he’s not wrong is he haha
Monke with bamboo
Monkey hits tiger with stick
You buy Black Myth Wukong You see monke with stick You get beat by big head man with headbutt You slap big head man with monke stick You level and progress You die You die You die You take stick west
Hmm.. "Chinese kratos wants revenge."
he's onto something, we hopped you listened. based monke
Monke w shteek
Hahahahahah
Monkey with stick, along with a bunch of Chinese stuff... Oh! And Buddha is involved somehow.
First off looks like that iPhone is not on dark mode. It’s sort of life changing. Also yeah it’s monkey with stick
You know Son Goku? Acutally sun wukong is the prototype.
It’s a stick that has a monkey attached to it
Monkey with stick 😂😂😂😂 you have a real funny brother
Monkey with stick who beats bosses
Is he having a stroke? Is that how good the game is?
He's not wrong
Monkey makes people eat his big stick
Google
Bad guys are bad and don’t like monke
If you’ve ever seen a Elden ring video it’s kinda like Elden ring but it’s so good like I’m not the type to play these games I play college football and shit like that gta yk but im addicted to losing
Www.youtube.com Black myth wukong
Monke. Stick. Chinese gods. Magic Magic chinese stick monkey god
I would’ve said Dragonball with more Chinese lore lol
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Excellent_Mulberry70 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-23T19:53:21.038000+0000 内容: Ive been waiting for this game since they built Zeus at Olympia
用户已删除评论
follow up: monkey with stick that grow big and small, long and short by desire. Lore: the staff, Ryui Bang or As-You-Will-Gold-Banded Cudgel, has the ability to expand/contract/shrink/grow/extend/etc infinitely.
Monkey with stick is very apt. Goku's great grandad.
Monkey with stick
M & S
I have to know, is your brother younger or older?
Someone on YouTube said this game is called the black myth Wu long and it’s based off the Japanese anime character Sun Goku🤣🤣🤣
