Title ================================================================================  评论列表:
I wonder if it's like this in the HI3 sub, back when Genshin first released. track me aside from the honkai copied genshin debacle, the hi3 sub had lots of posts of ppl saying that honkai is this honkai is that over genshin, especially on the story which i find very funny because the moon arc was essentially a downfall of honkai's writing quality, also acting as if eveything in genshin is a reference to hi3,  i recalled that one post saying mona's domain was inspired from griseo's painting like wat? Both griseo's painting and mona's GAA domain were both referenced from van gogh cuz yknow both have smth to do with stars and stuff I wonder why ppl treat these games as if they're competing with each other when its made by the same company, why not wish for the best, after all genshin's success paved the way for hsr and zzz's continued development and more other games to come from the company I was browsing hsr's sub and some of the posts are posts that u can definitely see on the hi3 sub, which is the constant comparing to genshin(i dont know if hi3 sub is still like this but when i was actively lurking for months back then, theres always that one high upvoted post abt honkai>genshin), there were really improvements from genshin, its just sad to think that ppl cant just appreciate the improvements while not calling genshin lazily made, there are things in genshin that mhy refuses to address thats for sure, but calling the whole thing lazy... As a person who frequently visits the honkai subreddit, they've toned a lot for a good while now. Of course, there's the occasional Honkai better than Genshin comment/post but they're not that common anymore and I also think that most of the sub is pretty tired about it too. The whole first year of Genshin was: "This thing in Genshin is actually this in Honkai and not really Genshin!" What's ironic is that honkai's early chapter (as in ch 1-6) isn't even that great. I basically dropped honkai for like 2 weeks because of that (only came back since I was bored then saw ch 12 which was the new chapter at the time and got a little interested). Some were comparing the writing for post turning point (ch 9) to something like chapter 1 (mond+liyue) I did end up playing HI3 from 2019-2023 (I kinda dropped it after end of part 1 due to no playable husbando and to make time for HSR) but my goodness, the first few chapters were a slog to get through. It's normal that a game starts slow. People who were already deep into Honkai complaining about early days Genshin simply didn't remember how bad early Honkai was. Like, the whole Wendy arc? Yikers It's easy to forget about how bad it was cause Final Lesson resets your opinion of the game Man I have been working through HI3 but what gets me is that you can't just play the story mode and get the story . Theres the chronicles, the elysian realm, the sakura samsara, the manga, etc. that all have important story beats from different times, timelines, and perspectives and it's overwhelming to even figure out what order to do what. I know Genshin MSQ doesn't give you everything and world quests, hangouts, etc. all add to the story but those are much more easily consumed in an open world game. Inazuma world quests are in Inazuma, you do them when you find them in Inazuma, for example.
aside from the honkai copied genshin debacle, the hi3 sub had lots of posts of ppl saying that honkai is this honkai is that over genshin, especially on the story which i find very funny because the moon arc was essentially a downfall of honkai's writing quality, also acting as if eveything in genshin is a reference to hi3,  i recalled that one post saying mona's domain was inspired from griseo's painting like wat? Both griseo's painting and mona's GAA domain were both referenced from van gogh cuz yknow both have smth to do with stars and stuff I wonder why ppl treat these games as if they're competing with each other when its made by the same company, why not wish for the best, after all genshin's success paved the way for hsr and zzz's continued development and more other games to come from the company I was browsing hsr's sub and some of the posts are posts that u can definitely see on the hi3 sub, which is the constant comparing to genshin(i dont know if hi3 sub is still like this but when i was actively lurking for months back then, theres always that one high upvoted post abt honkai>genshin), there were really improvements from genshin, its just sad to think that ppl cant just appreciate the improvements while not calling genshin lazily made, there are things in genshin that mhy refuses to address thats for sure, but calling the whole thing lazy... As a person who frequently visits the honkai subreddit, they've toned a lot for a good while now. Of course, there's the occasional Honkai better than Genshin comment/post but they're not that common anymore and I also think that most of the sub is pretty tired about it too. The whole first year of Genshin was: "This thing in Genshin is actually this in Honkai and not really Genshin!" What's ironic is that honkai's early chapter (as in ch 1-6) isn't even that great. I basically dropped honkai for like 2 weeks because of that (only came back since I was bored then saw ch 12 which was the new chapter at the time and got a little interested). Some were comparing the writing for post turning point (ch 9) to something like chapter 1 (mond+liyue) I did end up playing HI3 from 2019-2023 (I kinda dropped it after end of part 1 due to no playable husbando and to make time for HSR) but my goodness, the first few chapters were a slog to get through. It's normal that a game starts slow. People who were already deep into Honkai complaining about early days Genshin simply didn't remember how bad early Honkai was. Like, the whole Wendy arc? Yikers It's easy to forget about how bad it was cause Final Lesson resets your opinion of the game Man I have been working through HI3 but what gets me is that you can't just play the story mode and get the story . Theres the chronicles, the elysian realm, the sakura samsara, the manga, etc. that all have important story beats from different times, timelines, and perspectives and it's overwhelming to even figure out what order to do what. I know Genshin MSQ doesn't give you everything and world quests, hangouts, etc. all add to the story but those are much more easily consumed in an open world game. Inazuma world quests are in Inazuma, you do them when you find them in Inazuma, for example.
As a person who frequently visits the honkai subreddit, they've toned a lot for a good while now. Of course, there's the occasional Honkai better than Genshin comment/post but they're not that common anymore and I also think that most of the sub is pretty tired about it too. The whole first year of Genshin was: "This thing in Genshin is actually this in Honkai and not really Genshin!"
The whole first year of Genshin was: "This thing in Genshin is actually this in Honkai and not really Genshin!"
What's ironic is that honkai's early chapter (as in ch 1-6) isn't even that great. I basically dropped honkai for like 2 weeks because of that (only came back since I was bored then saw ch 12 which was the new chapter at the time and got a little interested). Some were comparing the writing for post turning point (ch 9) to something like chapter 1 (mond+liyue) I did end up playing HI3 from 2019-2023 (I kinda dropped it after end of part 1 due to no playable husbando and to make time for HSR) but my goodness, the first few chapters were a slog to get through. It's normal that a game starts slow. People who were already deep into Honkai complaining about early days Genshin simply didn't remember how bad early Honkai was. Like, the whole Wendy arc? Yikers It's easy to forget about how bad it was cause Final Lesson resets your opinion of the game Man I have been working through HI3 but what gets me is that you can't just play the story mode and get the story . Theres the chronicles, the elysian realm, the sakura samsara, the manga, etc. that all have important story beats from different times, timelines, and perspectives and it's overwhelming to even figure out what order to do what. I know Genshin MSQ doesn't give you everything and world quests, hangouts, etc. all add to the story but those are much more easily consumed in an open world game. Inazuma world quests are in Inazuma, you do them when you find them in Inazuma, for example.
It's normal that a game starts slow. People who were already deep into Honkai complaining about early days Genshin simply didn't remember how bad early Honkai was. Like, the whole Wendy arc? Yikers It's easy to forget about how bad it was cause Final Lesson resets your opinion of the game
Man I have been working through HI3 but what gets me is that you can't just play the story mode and get the story . Theres the chronicles, the elysian realm, the sakura samsara, the manga, etc. that all have important story beats from different times, timelines, and perspectives and it's overwhelming to even figure out what order to do what. I know Genshin MSQ doesn't give you everything and world quests, hangouts, etc. all add to the story but those are much more easily consumed in an open world game. Inazuma world quests are in Inazuma, you do them when you find them in Inazuma, for example.
I am having quite a bit of fun in HSR but let's face it, Genshin has a much, MUCH bigger budget and it's a lot harder to make. The various areas in HSR are nice enough to look it, but it's nothing compared to the areas in Genshin, especially post Sumeru. Those desert areas and their massive underground maps are very time consuming to make. Overall, Genshin is more refined. HOWEVER, so many QOL features are missing to the point that it's sad. A classic one : Genshin with its BILLIONS can't have a feature to simply re-send your expeditions. What the hell ? No artifacts sets, you still have to filter your messy inventory. And a lot more i won't tell. Most of us can honestly agree that Genshin has amazing features(the openworld, the art design , the music are  my favorites) It doesn't mean that it's not frustrating to see so many "obvious" features missing when HSR has them. And i don't even play HSR. Having the ability to seamlessly switch between controller and mouse in HSR is a godsend. This is a basic QoL that most games have by now but seeing Genshin not have it is jarring. Seeing another game developed by the same company have it is just a kick in the knee. controller Genshin still doesn't have controller support for android. They have it for iOS. IT'S BEEN TWO YEARS. Hey, remember Genshin on Switch? Me neither. 用户已删除评论 Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it. And for some reason only certain iphones get more than 60fps because they are the most powerful computing device.... I suspect there's deal between Apple and Hoyoverse. Tim Cook personally visited Hoyoverse in China. There are features exclusive to iOS devices (120 Hz support and only mobile devices to use controllers). Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour. That sucks, but at least the controller support for PC is great in Genshin. In comparison, the controller support of tower of fantasy is much worse. I wouldn't say it's great just because in comparison to that janky ToF controller support. The vertical camera sensitivity is way too low, and not all buttons can be remapped which would've been great if it could. Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable. iOS also has a 120fps mode. How has this not come to PC yet? What's more fucking insane is I work in Unity as a student right now. Controller support is not just easy but it's UNIVERSAL. Android also supports gamepad right out of the box. The fact we don't have it is just Mihoyo sucking down Apple money or otherwise. There is legitimately zero reason why the Android version ships with a menu for "Key Bindings" that is blank instead of offering controller settings. HI3rd has it too lmao I came from HI3rd to Genshin and I was like "wait why my controller is not working?". At that time genshin just released so I thought they would fix it soon. Now after 2 and half years i know it's staying with me till the end. Wait, controller? Is there an option in Star Rail to switch? I know there is in Genshin but I couldn't find it there there is no option to switch in star rail, you just plug in the controller and it seamlessly switches from a single input I play star rail with controller, but the moment my mouse moves, it switches to that. Best of all, if I click out of the game onto my other monitor, it won't minimize the game like Genshin does. > 1 daily commission > most world quests are done through text messages (although its only possible for HSR but its a lot more organized than genshin) > a roguelike weekly content that gives you primos > can consume resin worth of 6 runs instead of repeating the same fight all over again > a f**ing chest counter for each map (I really love this) what i found so far The thing is that you don’t even need to do the daily commission to complete your dailies, it’s just for extra credits And a little bit of side story And math. -Shield bar in combat -resend expeditions -seamless transition to party screen Shield bar makes sense for turm based strategy games as it really differentiates what moves you decide to make. It would still be a godsend and seriously just better overall for Genshin as I believe Elden Ring and monster hunter games have shield Bae. Heck, even classic rpg games have shield bar UI hanging over character. And a dark loading screen.  Starting genshin requires sunglasses on hdr monitor. I feel like with the breakneck pace Genshin is being developed, most of the code is unmaintainable and if they touched anything about f.e the expeditions, the entire game would explode. I didn't start with HI3, but now I understand how they feel when they saw what Genshin had. A new samsara has begun, soon like the HI3 sub we'll be shitting on HSR for no reason other than it existing. HSR reddit preparing for the ZZZ sour grapes I absolutely agree. However, I wonder how much of it comes down to programing. When Genshin was first developed it wasn’t made with these QoL features in mind, being only brought up later by the players. HSR was made with these changes in mind from scratch which might make it easier to implement rather than doing the same on a game that likely has already a bit of a spaghetti code of its own… sadly can't make dark mode loading screen because of immersion of day/night cycle in game. Also the stupid black screen subtitle and random dialogue in game that flashes by in 0.5-1 sec infuriates me. Worse, some of the black screen dialogue requires you to click to skip, so they definitely could have implemented it across all of them. 🤦‍♂️ In software development, It is much harder to change something once it's already launched and in the hands of the public. You can't just 'fix' something even if it seems like a simple change to add QOL. It now becomes riskier to change something that players are used to  and the risks are higher as it might affect player data which is a big no-no. It'll have to go through so much testing  and approval through many layers before being added to the game. It gets even harder as the the game grows in size and becomes more complicated. It is always easier to add something new to the game rather than changing something that already exists. Star rail had a chance to fix these problems before they were even there, so you get a more refined QOL experience from the start. There was an teaching event when they tried to fix a simple chest spawn trigger in GAA in 2.8 and it crashed the game to the point people could not login People underestimate the difference between a game where u can jump, fly, and climb everything vs a game where u can just walk and are blocked everywhere. HSR is super cool i'm enjoying it, but comparing it with GI saying the latter is lazy is a nonsense. Ya, I'm enjoying HSR so far, but it certainly pales in comparison ti the beauty and fun I have in genshin. HSR is good for me as mobile game tho, unlike genshin where not having a controller makes combat extrenely difficult. The map isn't place that you can fully explore in HSR but in genshin you can explore literally the whole map Lets not forget they do this on a tight 6 week patch schedule too.
Overall, Genshin is more refined. HOWEVER, so many QOL features are missing to the point that it's sad. A classic one : Genshin with its BILLIONS can't have a feature to simply re-send your expeditions. What the hell ? No artifacts sets, you still have to filter your messy inventory. And a lot more i won't tell. Most of us can honestly agree that Genshin has amazing features(the openworld, the art design , the music are  my favorites) It doesn't mean that it's not frustrating to see so many "obvious" features missing when HSR has them. And i don't even play HSR. Having the ability to seamlessly switch between controller and mouse in HSR is a godsend. This is a basic QoL that most games have by now but seeing Genshin not have it is jarring. Seeing another game developed by the same company have it is just a kick in the knee. controller Genshin still doesn't have controller support for android. They have it for iOS. IT'S BEEN TWO YEARS. Hey, remember Genshin on Switch? Me neither. 用户已删除评论 Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it. And for some reason only certain iphones get more than 60fps because they are the most powerful computing device.... I suspect there's deal between Apple and Hoyoverse. Tim Cook personally visited Hoyoverse in China. There are features exclusive to iOS devices (120 Hz support and only mobile devices to use controllers). Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour. That sucks, but at least the controller support for PC is great in Genshin. In comparison, the controller support of tower of fantasy is much worse. I wouldn't say it's great just because in comparison to that janky ToF controller support. The vertical camera sensitivity is way too low, and not all buttons can be remapped which would've been great if it could. Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable. iOS also has a 120fps mode. How has this not come to PC yet? What's more fucking insane is I work in Unity as a student right now. Controller support is not just easy but it's UNIVERSAL. Android also supports gamepad right out of the box. The fact we don't have it is just Mihoyo sucking down Apple money or otherwise. There is legitimately zero reason why the Android version ships with a menu for "Key Bindings" that is blank instead of offering controller settings. HI3rd has it too lmao I came from HI3rd to Genshin and I was like "wait why my controller is not working?". At that time genshin just released so I thought they would fix it soon. Now after 2 and half years i know it's staying with me till the end. Wait, controller? Is there an option in Star Rail to switch? I know there is in Genshin but I couldn't find it there there is no option to switch in star rail, you just plug in the controller and it seamlessly switches from a single input I play star rail with controller, but the moment my mouse moves, it switches to that. Best of all, if I click out of the game onto my other monitor, it won't minimize the game like Genshin does. > 1 daily commission > most world quests are done through text messages (although its only possible for HSR but its a lot more organized than genshin) > a roguelike weekly content that gives you primos > can consume resin worth of 6 runs instead of repeating the same fight all over again > a f**ing chest counter for each map (I really love this) what i found so far The thing is that you don’t even need to do the daily commission to complete your dailies, it’s just for extra credits And a little bit of side story And math. -Shield bar in combat -resend expeditions -seamless transition to party screen Shield bar makes sense for turm based strategy games as it really differentiates what moves you decide to make. It would still be a godsend and seriously just better overall for Genshin as I believe Elden Ring and monster hunter games have shield Bae. Heck, even classic rpg games have shield bar UI hanging over character. And a dark loading screen.  Starting genshin requires sunglasses on hdr monitor. I feel like with the breakneck pace Genshin is being developed, most of the code is unmaintainable and if they touched anything about f.e the expeditions, the entire game would explode. I didn't start with HI3, but now I understand how they feel when they saw what Genshin had. A new samsara has begun, soon like the HI3 sub we'll be shitting on HSR for no reason other than it existing. HSR reddit preparing for the ZZZ sour grapes I absolutely agree. However, I wonder how much of it comes down to programing. When Genshin was first developed it wasn’t made with these QoL features in mind, being only brought up later by the players. HSR was made with these changes in mind from scratch which might make it easier to implement rather than doing the same on a game that likely has already a bit of a spaghetti code of its own… sadly can't make dark mode loading screen because of immersion of day/night cycle in game. Also the stupid black screen subtitle and random dialogue in game that flashes by in 0.5-1 sec infuriates me. Worse, some of the black screen dialogue requires you to click to skip, so they definitely could have implemented it across all of them. 🤦‍♂️ In software development, It is much harder to change something once it's already launched and in the hands of the public. You can't just 'fix' something even if it seems like a simple change to add QOL. It now becomes riskier to change something that players are used to  and the risks are higher as it might affect player data which is a big no-no. It'll have to go through so much testing  and approval through many layers before being added to the game. It gets even harder as the the game grows in size and becomes more complicated. It is always easier to add something new to the game rather than changing something that already exists. Star rail had a chance to fix these problems before they were even there, so you get a more refined QOL experience from the start. There was an teaching event when they tried to fix a simple chest spawn trigger in GAA in 2.8 and it crashed the game to the point people could not login
Having the ability to seamlessly switch between controller and mouse in HSR is a godsend. This is a basic QoL that most games have by now but seeing Genshin not have it is jarring. Seeing another game developed by the same company have it is just a kick in the knee. controller Genshin still doesn't have controller support for android. They have it for iOS. IT'S BEEN TWO YEARS. Hey, remember Genshin on Switch? Me neither. 用户已删除评论 Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it. And for some reason only certain iphones get more than 60fps because they are the most powerful computing device.... I suspect there's deal between Apple and Hoyoverse. Tim Cook personally visited Hoyoverse in China. There are features exclusive to iOS devices (120 Hz support and only mobile devices to use controllers). Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour. That sucks, but at least the controller support for PC is great in Genshin. In comparison, the controller support of tower of fantasy is much worse. I wouldn't say it's great just because in comparison to that janky ToF controller support. The vertical camera sensitivity is way too low, and not all buttons can be remapped which would've been great if it could. Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable. iOS also has a 120fps mode. How has this not come to PC yet? What's more fucking insane is I work in Unity as a student right now. Controller support is not just easy but it's UNIVERSAL. Android also supports gamepad right out of the box. The fact we don't have it is just Mihoyo sucking down Apple money or otherwise. There is legitimately zero reason why the Android version ships with a menu for "Key Bindings" that is blank instead of offering controller settings. HI3rd has it too lmao I came from HI3rd to Genshin and I was like "wait why my controller is not working?". At that time genshin just released so I thought they would fix it soon. Now after 2 and half years i know it's staying with me till the end. Wait, controller? Is there an option in Star Rail to switch? I know there is in Genshin but I couldn't find it there there is no option to switch in star rail, you just plug in the controller and it seamlessly switches from a single input I play star rail with controller, but the moment my mouse moves, it switches to that. Best of all, if I click out of the game onto my other monitor, it won't minimize the game like Genshin does.
controller Genshin still doesn't have controller support for android. They have it for iOS. IT'S BEEN TWO YEARS. Hey, remember Genshin on Switch? Me neither. 用户已删除评论 Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it. And for some reason only certain iphones get more than 60fps because they are the most powerful computing device.... I suspect there's deal between Apple and Hoyoverse. Tim Cook personally visited Hoyoverse in China. There are features exclusive to iOS devices (120 Hz support and only mobile devices to use controllers). Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour. That sucks, but at least the controller support for PC is great in Genshin. In comparison, the controller support of tower of fantasy is much worse. I wouldn't say it's great just because in comparison to that janky ToF controller support. The vertical camera sensitivity is way too low, and not all buttons can be remapped which would've been great if it could. Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable. iOS also has a 120fps mode. How has this not come to PC yet? What's more fucking insane is I work in Unity as a student right now. Controller support is not just easy but it's UNIVERSAL. Android also supports gamepad right out of the box. The fact we don't have it is just Mihoyo sucking down Apple money or otherwise. There is legitimately zero reason why the Android version ships with a menu for "Key Bindings" that is blank instead of offering controller settings.
Hey, remember Genshin on Switch? Me neither. 用户已删除评论 Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it.
用户已删除评论 Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it.
Was it actually promised on Steam? I remember Valve using it in their advertisements but I don't remember Hoyo saying anything about it.
And for some reason only certain iphones get more than 60fps because they are the most powerful computing device.... I suspect there's deal between Apple and Hoyoverse. Tim Cook personally visited Hoyoverse in China. There are features exclusive to iOS devices (120 Hz support and only mobile devices to use controllers). Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour.
I suspect there's deal between Apple and Hoyoverse. Tim Cook personally visited Hoyoverse in China. There are features exclusive to iOS devices (120 Hz support and only mobile devices to use controllers). Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour.
Kind of a scum move considering how controller can be seen as an accessibility feature. And the 120hz is just pathetic gatekeeping. that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour.
that's apple for you. it's their typical behaviour.
That sucks, but at least the controller support for PC is great in Genshin. In comparison, the controller support of tower of fantasy is much worse. I wouldn't say it's great just because in comparison to that janky ToF controller support. The vertical camera sensitivity is way too low, and not all buttons can be remapped which would've been great if it could. Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable.
I wouldn't say it's great just because in comparison to that janky ToF controller support. The vertical camera sensitivity is way too low, and not all buttons can be remapped which would've been great if it could. Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable.
Yeah, you’re right, it could be better, but it’s still at a level that I’m comfortable with playing, for me personally. With Tower of Fantasy, for me, it’s barely playable.
iOS also has a 120fps mode. How has this not come to PC yet?
What's more fucking insane is I work in Unity as a student right now. Controller support is not just easy but it's UNIVERSAL. Android also supports gamepad right out of the box. The fact we don't have it is just Mihoyo sucking down Apple money or otherwise. There is legitimately zero reason why the Android version ships with a menu for "Key Bindings" that is blank instead of offering controller settings.
HI3rd has it too lmao I came from HI3rd to Genshin and I was like "wait why my controller is not working?". At that time genshin just released so I thought they would fix it soon. Now after 2 and half years i know it's staying with me till the end.
I came from HI3rd to Genshin and I was like "wait why my controller is not working?". At that time genshin just released so I thought they would fix it soon. Now after 2 and half years i know it's staying with me till the end.
Wait, controller? Is there an option in Star Rail to switch? I know there is in Genshin but I couldn't find it there there is no option to switch in star rail, you just plug in the controller and it seamlessly switches from a single input I play star rail with controller, but the moment my mouse moves, it switches to that. Best of all, if I click out of the game onto my other monitor, it won't minimize the game like Genshin does.
there is no option to switch in star rail, you just plug in the controller and it seamlessly switches from a single input
I play star rail with controller, but the moment my mouse moves, it switches to that. Best of all, if I click out of the game onto my other monitor, it won't minimize the game like Genshin does.
> 1 daily commission > most world quests are done through text messages (although its only possible for HSR but its a lot more organized than genshin) > a roguelike weekly content that gives you primos > can consume resin worth of 6 runs instead of repeating the same fight all over again > a f**ing chest counter for each map (I really love this) what i found so far The thing is that you don’t even need to do the daily commission to complete your dailies, it’s just for extra credits And a little bit of side story And math. -Shield bar in combat -resend expeditions -seamless transition to party screen Shield bar makes sense for turm based strategy games as it really differentiates what moves you decide to make. It would still be a godsend and seriously just better overall for Genshin as I believe Elden Ring and monster hunter games have shield Bae. Heck, even classic rpg games have shield bar UI hanging over character. And a dark loading screen.  Starting genshin requires sunglasses on hdr monitor.
The thing is that you don’t even need to do the daily commission to complete your dailies, it’s just for extra credits And a little bit of side story And math.
And a little bit of side story And math.
And math.
-Shield bar in combat -resend expeditions -seamless transition to party screen Shield bar makes sense for turm based strategy games as it really differentiates what moves you decide to make. It would still be a godsend and seriously just better overall for Genshin as I believe Elden Ring and monster hunter games have shield Bae. Heck, even classic rpg games have shield bar UI hanging over character.
Shield bar makes sense for turm based strategy games as it really differentiates what moves you decide to make. It would still be a godsend and seriously just better overall for Genshin as I believe Elden Ring and monster hunter games have shield Bae. Heck, even classic rpg games have shield bar UI hanging over character.
And a dark loading screen.  Starting genshin requires sunglasses on hdr monitor.
I feel like with the breakneck pace Genshin is being developed, most of the code is unmaintainable and if they touched anything about f.e the expeditions, the entire game would explode.
I didn't start with HI3, but now I understand how they feel when they saw what Genshin had. A new samsara has begun, soon like the HI3 sub we'll be shitting on HSR for no reason other than it existing. HSR reddit preparing for the ZZZ sour grapes
HSR reddit preparing for the ZZZ sour grapes
I absolutely agree. However, I wonder how much of it comes down to programing. When Genshin was first developed it wasn’t made with these QoL features in mind, being only brought up later by the players. HSR was made with these changes in mind from scratch which might make it easier to implement rather than doing the same on a game that likely has already a bit of a spaghetti code of its own…
sadly can't make dark mode loading screen because of immersion of day/night cycle in game. Also the stupid black screen subtitle and random dialogue in game that flashes by in 0.5-1 sec infuriates me. Worse, some of the black screen dialogue requires you to click to skip, so they definitely could have implemented it across all of them. 🤦‍♂️
In software development, It is much harder to change something once it's already launched and in the hands of the public. You can't just 'fix' something even if it seems like a simple change to add QOL. It now becomes riskier to change something that players are used to  and the risks are higher as it might affect player data which is a big no-no. It'll have to go through so much testing  and approval through many layers before being added to the game. It gets even harder as the the game grows in size and becomes more complicated. It is always easier to add something new to the game rather than changing something that already exists. Star rail had a chance to fix these problems before they were even there, so you get a more refined QOL experience from the start. There was an teaching event when they tried to fix a simple chest spawn trigger in GAA in 2.8 and it crashed the game to the point people could not login
There was an teaching event when they tried to fix a simple chest spawn trigger in GAA in 2.8 and it crashed the game to the point people could not login
People underestimate the difference between a game where u can jump, fly, and climb everything vs a game where u can just walk and are blocked everywhere. HSR is super cool i'm enjoying it, but comparing it with GI saying the latter is lazy is a nonsense. Ya, I'm enjoying HSR so far, but it certainly pales in comparison ti the beauty and fun I have in genshin. HSR is good for me as mobile game tho, unlike genshin where not having a controller makes combat extrenely difficult.
Ya, I'm enjoying HSR so far, but it certainly pales in comparison ti the beauty and fun I have in genshin. HSR is good for me as mobile game tho, unlike genshin where not having a controller makes combat extrenely difficult.
The map isn't place that you can fully explore in HSR but in genshin you can explore literally the whole map
Lets not forget they do this on a tight 6 week patch schedule too.
I think people are frustrated with all the changes that we have requested being applied to Star rail and still not existing in Genshin. That being said, idc personally, both games are amazing and I'm all on board on the Star rail hype, fantastic game I know I'm very much in the minority here, but I'm just glad to be able to play another high quality anime game, for FREE. I never had this back when I was a kid. And I know some people arent a fan of gacha, but I just treat it like any other story game. Getting your favorite character or weapon is just a bonus.
I know I'm very much in the minority here, but I'm just glad to be able to play another high quality anime game, for FREE. I never had this back when I was a kid. And I know some people arent a fan of gacha, but I just treat it like any other story game. Getting your favorite character or weapon is just a bonus.
So a few things that people may not realize: Turn-based combat means that the devs are in control of what characters will do in combat. The moves are limited and combat can't be "broken" in the same way the action combat of Genshin can. Characters don't move position outside of their limited actions, their actions are decided beforehand and are (again) limited. The camera is fixed within certain angles. This makes it easier to develop for each character/battle than in Genshin, and makes it easier to polish certain aspects. From what I've seen from the few hours of gameplay I've had, there's only one fixed weapon per character that needs to be animated, compared to the dozens of Genshin. Each weapon can behave differently and requires programming. Genshin's world is vast, expansive and open-world style. Star Rail's world is closed-off sections that each operate on their own (like a bunch of mini-worlds) and each piece doesn't necessarily need the same level of coherence with each other as Genshin's world parts. If the tools and engines upgrade, the newer parts of Star Rail will look fancier than the older parts. In Genshin's case, each new world part will need to work on the same technical level as OG Mondstadt, no matter the fancy bells and whistles they may add afterwards. Hoyo decided to voice all NPC dialogue in Star Rail, whereas in Genshin they decided early on to not do that and never reverted that decision (even though it would be better for so many world quests). However, retroactively adding voices to all world quests in all regions would not only cost a gigantic ton of money, veteran players would complain they would have missed out on all the already-completed world quests with voiced dialogue. A lot of user feedback people got on Genshin and Impact3 has been implemented in Star Rail from the get-go. Because it's easier to develop from the ground up with this user feedback in mind rather than digging through several years of code from people that may or may not still work at Hoyo and trying to improve this. The talent and tools at Hoyo keeps improving with each year and each new game. Genshin will look better than HI3, and Star Rail will look and feel better than Genshin. And the next Hoyo game in a few years will look better than Star Rail. That's just how things work in the world of game development, especially at a big studio like Hoyo. Also, Star Rail is brand new, and people have yet to find the things that may be gripes with this game (compared to the list of complaints people have with Genshin). In a few months, people will start having complaints about Star Rail as well... That's just life. Hoyo decided to voice all NPC dialogue in Star Rail, whereas in Genshin they decided early on to not do that and never reverted that decision (even though it would be better for so many world quests) This is not actually true. There's plenty of unvoiced NPC dialogue in Star Rail. It's the same as genshin, only main story is voiced I think you have the best take in this thread. You summarize what I feel in all the points you listed. I do feel that Honkai Star Rail is more polished than Genshin, as can be seen from the various QoL upgrades and better story beats (in my opinion) among others. But I personally feel that it is a far more easier game to polish because Genshin is just that big a behemoth of a game. I think people underrate the difficulty involved in designing and developing new regions with brand new mechanics inside a 3D RPG game while overrating the need and importance of the many QoL improvements made by Hoyoverse from Genshin in Star Rail. I'm not saying they're not needed, not by any means. I would love if they implement an artifact loadout for instance. But I can appreciate the amount of work that they put in other aspects of the game and that Genshin is still a great and enjoyable game for me despite all of its flaws. HSR feels very flashy in first impression compared to genshin, the interfaces, the combat affect, etc. But after a dozen hours play, it starts to feel tiring. The flashy icons on the UI are not very intuitive to its function and can be hard to remember which does what. The light cone images are also too complex to be quickly recognizable like genshin's weapons. I can recognize the void one from a mile away BECAUSE STAR RAIL WONT STOP GIVING IT TO ME >:O People also need to keep in mind three things when it comes to QoL stuff: Development on QoL stuff is not the highest priority so its not the first thing they are working on Genshin is developed way in advance, so when they implement a QoL feature you wont see it in an update for quite a while Starrail as you said is newer and because it isnt open world or has real time combat that part of the developement is easier so they can focus more time on stuff like QoL I played Starrail for quite a while now and I already a few things I'd like to be improved like voiced npcs having no lip/facial movement at all, the tab menu feeling slippery on both mouse and controller and movement in the overworld feeling a bit lacking (tho thats just a feeling thing and I know why they didnt implement stuff like jumping) However, retroactively adding voices to all world quests in all regions would not only cost a gigantic ton of money, veteran players would complain they would have missed out on all the already-completed world quests with voiced dialogue. Also an equally gigantic game size. I DON'T want to download 200gb worth of file for one game thank you very much. It would take me at least 12 years to complete.
Hoyo decided to voice all NPC dialogue in Star Rail, whereas in Genshin they decided early on to not do that and never reverted that decision (even though it would be better for so many world quests) This is not actually true. There's plenty of unvoiced NPC dialogue in Star Rail. It's the same as genshin, only main story is voiced
It's the same as genshin, only main story is voiced
I think you have the best take in this thread. You summarize what I feel in all the points you listed. I do feel that Honkai Star Rail is more polished than Genshin, as can be seen from the various QoL upgrades and better story beats (in my opinion) among others. But I personally feel that it is a far more easier game to polish because Genshin is just that big a behemoth of a game. I think people underrate the difficulty involved in designing and developing new regions with brand new mechanics inside a 3D RPG game while overrating the need and importance of the many QoL improvements made by Hoyoverse from Genshin in Star Rail. I'm not saying they're not needed, not by any means. I would love if they implement an artifact loadout for instance. But I can appreciate the amount of work that they put in other aspects of the game and that Genshin is still a great and enjoyable game for me despite all of its flaws. HSR feels very flashy in first impression compared to genshin, the interfaces, the combat affect, etc. But after a dozen hours play, it starts to feel tiring. The flashy icons on the UI are not very intuitive to its function and can be hard to remember which does what. The light cone images are also too complex to be quickly recognizable like genshin's weapons. I can recognize the void one from a mile away BECAUSE STAR RAIL WONT STOP GIVING IT TO ME >:O
HSR feels very flashy in first impression compared to genshin, the interfaces, the combat affect, etc. But after a dozen hours play, it starts to feel tiring. The flashy icons on the UI are not very intuitive to its function and can be hard to remember which does what. The light cone images are also too complex to be quickly recognizable like genshin's weapons. I can recognize the void one from a mile away BECAUSE STAR RAIL WONT STOP GIVING IT TO ME >:O
I can recognize the void one from a mile away BECAUSE STAR RAIL WONT STOP GIVING IT TO ME >:O
People also need to keep in mind three things when it comes to QoL stuff: Development on QoL stuff is not the highest priority so its not the first thing they are working on Genshin is developed way in advance, so when they implement a QoL feature you wont see it in an update for quite a while Starrail as you said is newer and because it isnt open world or has real time combat that part of the developement is easier so they can focus more time on stuff like QoL I played Starrail for quite a while now and I already a few things I'd like to be improved like voiced npcs having no lip/facial movement at all, the tab menu feeling slippery on both mouse and controller and movement in the overworld feeling a bit lacking (tho thats just a feeling thing and I know why they didnt implement stuff like jumping)
However, retroactively adding voices to all world quests in all regions would not only cost a gigantic ton of money, veteran players would complain they would have missed out on all the already-completed world quests with voiced dialogue. Also an equally gigantic game size. I DON'T want to download 200gb worth of file for one game thank you very much. It would take me at least 12 years to complete.
Recency bias. Just give HSR and its playerbase a few months, and you'll see them repeat the same thing in the tone of a repetitive NPC dialogue. Recency bias, and imo it's also caused by SR having far flashier and longer ults Of course, this means that without speed up the game takes forever Star Rail's normal speed mode is fucking slow after you got access to speed up. I can't even play the game at normal speed anymore outside of specific boss fights. I only switch to slow mode if I'm timing an ult during an enemy turn and don't wanna miss my window. To be fair, i wanna be able to turn off the ults in genshin since they waste 2s in abyss 🤣 Ults serve a purpose (iframes) in Genshin besides just visuals though. Even the longer ults (like Dehya's, Kokomi's, and Noelle's) tend to have iframes at the start. Nahida in bloom doom may, sometimes, live or die on her ult Shrodinger's radish Yeah ik i was just memeing, I am iframes abuser too 🙃 Would you rather waste 2 secs on an Abyss run or 15 seconds of your whole life casting a Star Rail ult RULES ARE MADE TO BE BROKEN!!! (100000 time today 🗿) DISAPPEAR INAL A SEA OF BUTTERFLIES CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~ Dont forget that quest with the item finder going BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!! ルールは破るためにある I can already see that most players will hit the same wall as Genshin since the same artifact system is implemented here. Now you have to suffer from rng in 2 games Artifact grinding in HSR will be easier because you can just auto it. Though I agree farming will definitely suck. I wonder how much the sub stats even matter if the 4 piece effects are just as strong. Maybe for the endgame content. Can run domains for about 5-8 mins. The problem is the RNG actually. Not like each domain takes a lot time from our day, it's the RNG that matters 用户已删除评论
Recency bias, and imo it's also caused by SR having far flashier and longer ults Of course, this means that without speed up the game takes forever Star Rail's normal speed mode is fucking slow after you got access to speed up. I can't even play the game at normal speed anymore outside of specific boss fights. I only switch to slow mode if I'm timing an ult during an enemy turn and don't wanna miss my window. To be fair, i wanna be able to turn off the ults in genshin since they waste 2s in abyss 🤣 Ults serve a purpose (iframes) in Genshin besides just visuals though. Even the longer ults (like Dehya's, Kokomi's, and Noelle's) tend to have iframes at the start. Nahida in bloom doom may, sometimes, live or die on her ult Shrodinger's radish Yeah ik i was just memeing, I am iframes abuser too 🙃 Would you rather waste 2 secs on an Abyss run or 15 seconds of your whole life casting a Star Rail ult RULES ARE MADE TO BE BROKEN!!! (100000 time today 🗿) DISAPPEAR INAL A SEA OF BUTTERFLIES CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~ Dont forget that quest with the item finder going BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!! ルールは破るためにある
Star Rail's normal speed mode is fucking slow after you got access to speed up. I can't even play the game at normal speed anymore outside of specific boss fights. I only switch to slow mode if I'm timing an ult during an enemy turn and don't wanna miss my window.
I only switch to slow mode if I'm timing an ult during an enemy turn and don't wanna miss my window.
To be fair, i wanna be able to turn off the ults in genshin since they waste 2s in abyss 🤣 Ults serve a purpose (iframes) in Genshin besides just visuals though. Even the longer ults (like Dehya's, Kokomi's, and Noelle's) tend to have iframes at the start. Nahida in bloom doom may, sometimes, live or die on her ult Shrodinger's radish Yeah ik i was just memeing, I am iframes abuser too 🙃 Would you rather waste 2 secs on an Abyss run or 15 seconds of your whole life casting a Star Rail ult RULES ARE MADE TO BE BROKEN!!! (100000 time today 🗿) DISAPPEAR INAL A SEA OF BUTTERFLIES CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~ Dont forget that quest with the item finder going BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!! ルールは破るためにある
Ults serve a purpose (iframes) in Genshin besides just visuals though. Even the longer ults (like Dehya's, Kokomi's, and Noelle's) tend to have iframes at the start. Nahida in bloom doom may, sometimes, live or die on her ult Shrodinger's radish Yeah ik i was just memeing, I am iframes abuser too 🙃
Nahida in bloom doom may, sometimes, live or die on her ult Shrodinger's radish
Shrodinger's radish
Yeah ik i was just memeing, I am iframes abuser too 🙃
Would you rather waste 2 secs on an Abyss run or 15 seconds of your whole life casting a Star Rail ult RULES ARE MADE TO BE BROKEN!!! (100000 time today 🗿) DISAPPEAR INAL A SEA OF BUTTERFLIES CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~ Dont forget that quest with the item finder going BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!! ルールは破るためにある
RULES ARE MADE TO BE BROKEN!!! (100000 time today 🗿) DISAPPEAR INAL A SEA OF BUTTERFLIES CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~ Dont forget that quest with the item finder going BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!! ルールは破るためにある
DISAPPEAR INAL A SEA OF BUTTERFLIES CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~
CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME MOVE KURU KURU can't hate on that one~
KURU KURU can't hate on that one~
can't hate on that one~
Dont forget that quest with the item finder going BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!!
ルールは破るためにある
I can already see that most players will hit the same wall as Genshin since the same artifact system is implemented here. Now you have to suffer from rng in 2 games Artifact grinding in HSR will be easier because you can just auto it. Though I agree farming will definitely suck. I wonder how much the sub stats even matter if the 4 piece effects are just as strong. Maybe for the endgame content. Can run domains for about 5-8 mins. The problem is the RNG actually. Not like each domain takes a lot time from our day, it's the RNG that matters
Artifact grinding in HSR will be easier because you can just auto it. Though I agree farming will definitely suck. I wonder how much the sub stats even matter if the 4 piece effects are just as strong. Maybe for the endgame content. Can run domains for about 5-8 mins. The problem is the RNG actually. Not like each domain takes a lot time from our day, it's the RNG that matters
Can run domains for about 5-8 mins. The problem is the RNG actually.
Not like each domain takes a lot time from our day, it's the RNG that matters
用户已删除评论
People just don't realize that it's a Different Team that's working on HSR so of course Game Quality will Differ. Plus doesn't help that HSR is a New Game so obviously it will have all the Bells and Whistles. Yeah. They can implement new features without worrying about breaking old ones.
Yeah. They can implement new features without worrying about breaking old ones.
because they don't realize it's easier to polish a turn based game than a field combat one.  and for a lot of them it'll be baby's first traditional RPG easier to polish a turn based game Honestly, after watching this review of Chained Echoes and how it solved the drawbacks of turn based games , I wonder how many "polished" turn based games are actually really polished.
easier to polish a turn based game Honestly, after watching this review of Chained Echoes and how it solved the drawbacks of turn based games , I wonder how many "polished" turn based games are actually really polished.
Generally, people just have selective memory when it comes to Genshin. Sumeru pretty much just disappeared from people's minds or anything else that 3.X updates had to offer. Just take it this way, Genshin has focused on improving exploration, story, events, characters, design, music and etc. However, for some people, they don't care about those at all. Since Genshin is not focusing on what they want... therefore it's lazy . So when you see people say Genshin is lazy, it just means Genshin is not focusing on the content they want. The period leading up to new region releases is also often filled with negativity and doomposting. This happened with Inazuma and Sumeru and will continue to happen all the way to Snezhnaya as well. These comments will most likely age badly once Fontaine and the update before 4.0 AKA Golden Apple Archipelago comes out. In summary, don't worry about it too much. It's just people with a different taste but they word it badly. It's also just recency bias. This will fizzle out slowly especially when Fontaine and the update before Fontaine comes out. Sumeru pretty much just disappeared from people's minds PLEASE NOT ANOTHER FUCKING SAMSARA That's it. I'm talking to the tree. I was just on the RWBY sub so I had to give this a second thought *beep*
Sumeru pretty much just disappeared from people's minds PLEASE NOT ANOTHER FUCKING SAMSARA That's it. I'm talking to the tree. I was just on the RWBY sub so I had to give this a second thought *beep*
That's it. I'm talking to the tree. I was just on the RWBY sub so I had to give this a second thought
I was just on the RWBY sub so I had to give this a second thought
*beep*
Probably because a lot of the features people want in Genshin have been implemented in HSR. I think Genshin overall is really well-polished & Hoyo put a lot of effort into events, story quests, exploration & cinematics. However, they don’t put a lot of effort into quality of life fixes (i.e. artifact presets) & when they do, it’s years after people asked for the feature. They generally put less effort into things that won’t make them money & make the player’s life easier. I haven’t played HSR, but I’m guessing that after the hype dies down, they’ll do the same thing there.
Now you know how I feel as an FGO fans when Genshin was released /s. It's likely just recency bias.  there are some QoL things that improve from Genshin, but that's to be expected from a newer game. Honestly, the fact that Genshin is a 3d open world game should prove enough that Genshin is not a lazy game. How was fgo fans perception of genshin release, if I'm not mistaken fgo was the biggest gacha at the time. Started FGO JP from launch day and still playing to this day. Genshin gacha is absolute heaven compared to FGO but Genshin pushes more incentive to roll for copies and weapon for the maximum feeling of completeness. There's no way I would call Genshin lazy coming from FGO. It's the end of April 2023, we've only had like 3-ish meaningful events, absolutely no event reruns, not even leyline overflow-equivalent "events". They kept counting the stupidest things as content. We get main story progression once a year, twice at max, split into sections to make it look like more than it actually is, and I'm not even half done listing my grievances but it's getting long so I'm gonna stop. They got too comfortable with the strong Fate IP and loyal fanbase and (back then) little to no competition in the market. I'm always very happy to see competitor games rise up because it incentivize developers to improve their product to retain their players. I loved FGO very much and it still holds a place in my heart. I really want to see the things I love do well. But as a former diehard FGO vet, my bar is around 20 ft below the ground. I'm very happy to have found Genshin. Of course there are some frustrations and many things to improve but I'm willing to watch them grow. As someone who plays both of them, I just felt like they were completely different games(which they are) in terms of their playstyle. A 2D turn based with almost no voice acting even in the main story and cutscenes that can be counted on fingers VS a 3D open world game with lots of cutscenes and voice alongside a high degree of freedom. (Unrelated note: Tbh, HSI is pretty much everything I wanted FGO to be) The only thing I compared when I started playing genshin was how better the Gacha system is. Fgo has their pity at  probably 300 or so wishes. (I even remember doing around 400 wishes to get Scathach). Also, the grind in genshin is much more RNG based compared to FGO which makes it twice as bad as FGO 's grind.
How was fgo fans perception of genshin release, if I'm not mistaken fgo was the biggest gacha at the time. Started FGO JP from launch day and still playing to this day. Genshin gacha is absolute heaven compared to FGO but Genshin pushes more incentive to roll for copies and weapon for the maximum feeling of completeness. There's no way I would call Genshin lazy coming from FGO. It's the end of April 2023, we've only had like 3-ish meaningful events, absolutely no event reruns, not even leyline overflow-equivalent "events". They kept counting the stupidest things as content. We get main story progression once a year, twice at max, split into sections to make it look like more than it actually is, and I'm not even half done listing my grievances but it's getting long so I'm gonna stop. They got too comfortable with the strong Fate IP and loyal fanbase and (back then) little to no competition in the market. I'm always very happy to see competitor games rise up because it incentivize developers to improve their product to retain their players. I loved FGO very much and it still holds a place in my heart. I really want to see the things I love do well. But as a former diehard FGO vet, my bar is around 20 ft below the ground. I'm very happy to have found Genshin. Of course there are some frustrations and many things to improve but I'm willing to watch them grow. As someone who plays both of them, I just felt like they were completely different games(which they are) in terms of their playstyle. A 2D turn based with almost no voice acting even in the main story and cutscenes that can be counted on fingers VS a 3D open world game with lots of cutscenes and voice alongside a high degree of freedom. (Unrelated note: Tbh, HSI is pretty much everything I wanted FGO to be) The only thing I compared when I started playing genshin was how better the Gacha system is. Fgo has their pity at  probably 300 or so wishes. (I even remember doing around 400 wishes to get Scathach). Also, the grind in genshin is much more RNG based compared to FGO which makes it twice as bad as FGO 's grind.
Started FGO JP from launch day and still playing to this day. Genshin gacha is absolute heaven compared to FGO but Genshin pushes more incentive to roll for copies and weapon for the maximum feeling of completeness. There's no way I would call Genshin lazy coming from FGO. It's the end of April 2023, we've only had like 3-ish meaningful events, absolutely no event reruns, not even leyline overflow-equivalent "events". They kept counting the stupidest things as content. We get main story progression once a year, twice at max, split into sections to make it look like more than it actually is, and I'm not even half done listing my grievances but it's getting long so I'm gonna stop. They got too comfortable with the strong Fate IP and loyal fanbase and (back then) little to no competition in the market. I'm always very happy to see competitor games rise up because it incentivize developers to improve their product to retain their players. I loved FGO very much and it still holds a place in my heart. I really want to see the things I love do well. But as a former diehard FGO vet, my bar is around 20 ft below the ground. I'm very happy to have found Genshin. Of course there are some frustrations and many things to improve but I'm willing to watch them grow.
As someone who plays both of them, I just felt like they were completely different games(which they are) in terms of their playstyle. A 2D turn based with almost no voice acting even in the main story and cutscenes that can be counted on fingers VS a 3D open world game with lots of cutscenes and voice alongside a high degree of freedom. (Unrelated note: Tbh, HSI is pretty much everything I wanted FGO to be) The only thing I compared when I started playing genshin was how better the Gacha system is. Fgo has their pity at  probably 300 or so wishes. (I even remember doing around 400 wishes to get Scathach). Also, the grind in genshin is much more RNG based compared to FGO which makes it twice as bad as FGO 's grind.
A lot of people are forgetting that HSR has the benefit of Hoyoverse having learned FROM its time with Genshin so far. I’m giving it a go and there’s a lot of little tweaks and adjustments that just feel nice. What makes it a bitter pill, imo, is that they didn’t also see fit to make more of these quality of life available to Genshin itself
It’s really nothing more than spoilt/jaded gamer syndrome. People that have played Genshin for far too long, who are likely burnt out or nearing burnout, get a very jaded perspective. They take the positives for granted, and focus solely on what the game could be, rather than what it is. Watch any relatively new player like Zepla (FFXIV streamer) or Necrit (League streamer) play Genshin and you’ll find two players that are having the time of their lives. They’re months into the game and are still getting blown away by the quality and polish of Genshin. And that’s from players that originally dismissed Genshin as a poor mobile game, only trying it out to reaffirm their negative connotations about the game. That’s basically what most players will and have experienced with Genshin. Because it’s a fun game, with extremely high quality and polish. But the very vocal minority that you see on Reddit or Twitter or any other social media bubble will continue to try their best to convince everybody otherwise. Not because the game actually sucks, or is lazy, or lacks polish etc. but simply because they’re jaded, and have already experienced all the positives of Genshin for years. And those positives are no longer enough to captivate them, so they look towards what the game “could be”. And when the game doesn’t satisfy that idealised version, they criticise. I can't believe I'm seeing someone with rational thinking on Reddit, there is no way.
I can't believe I'm seeing someone with rational thinking on Reddit, there is no way.
Wait until ZZZ comes out and they star comparing HSR to it.
Genshin’s star was rough due to it coming out in Covid, but from 2.6 the game’s quality has increased dramatically as covid was less of a problem by then, star rail’s development and release is mostly after covid and that’s why it may seem better but may also hit some hurdles, after all it even if amazingly good, from what I see, it takes the bests of Honkai and Genshin and puts it together
Cause HSR is new and shiny. Remember the splash Genshin made in it's first month, and then it's player based dropped off, and then it got it's steady climb back up.
Genshin fans who are rightfully annoyed by lack of genshin’s qol qualities and entitled genshin fans who slander genshin the moment literally any gacha game come out.
Remember people, when you spend time to double the size of your map, fill it with exploration content, add new puzzles, make several cultural references to a handful of different countries, all while integrating with a newly released gameplay aspect, then write dozens of storylines to fill this world All that was out of lazyness because I want to do something in 5s instead of 10s Blame Genshin for don't taking complaints, for becoming uniteresting if it's the case, for don't giving value to pull for constellations if you're a whale, but lazyness ? Seriously? Lazyness ?
Arm chair game designers, having honeymoon phase in new game. I play HSR and actually enjoy it, but I already can see flaws and why they have more QoL than Genshin. In Genshin, you have a free combat, you can dodge, do no hit runs and constellations and stats are less important than actual player skill. In HSR, you have turn based combat, so enemy hits can't be dodged, this is where constellations, stats and correct team setup will be quite crucial. You can brute force the game in Genshin. But good luck doing that in HSR. Enemies will hit you unless you manage your action economy well. In Genshin you can kill one enemy run around like a headless chicken and kill the rest. Also healing is much, much more easier in Genshin during combat.
You can brute force the game in Genshin. But good luck doing that in HSR. Enemies will hit you unless you manage your action economy well. In Genshin you can kill one enemy run around like a headless chicken and kill the rest. Also healing is much, much more easier in Genshin during combat.
Recency bias crap, people always thinking the newest game is suddenly the best thing ever
Bro genshin is literally highest effort game i have ever played. The beautiful scenery, the music, the fking story. The characters the deep lore. Plus its on a fking mobile. Plus its fking free to play. The amount of research they did to bring a region like sumeru to life is fking insane. I dont know what else people want. If Genshin is the highest effort game you have ever played you clearly haven't played more than 5 games in your lifetime. Genshin's story and lore are ridiculously boring and with no personality. HSR at least has enjoyable dialogue and the story its more appealing, at least for now, but Genshin since the very beginning had a terrible story with bland characters (in terms of story and personality, design is a different thing) A button to skip all that...
If Genshin is the highest effort game you have ever played you clearly haven't played more than 5 games in your lifetime. Genshin's story and lore are ridiculously boring and with no personality. HSR at least has enjoyable dialogue and the story its more appealing, at least for now, but Genshin since the very beginning had a terrible story with bland characters (in terms of story and personality, design is a different thing)
A button to skip all that...
Probably because HSR has a ton of small stuff we requested since 2 and a halve years in GI... But besides those things (which are imo important, but besides the point here literally) it's obvious which department has more backing from behind, aka money at their disposal, GI obviously.
People have selective memory, and then there are some Honkai elitists who are coping hard since Genshin launched, they are far behind in numbers so all they do to cope is say non factual selective things
版主已移除评论 Long way to scroll for the real answer. It is like sweeping a floor. If you don't get the edges and the corners then a lazy job was done.
Long way to scroll for the real answer. It is like sweeping a floor. If you don't get the edges and the corners then a lazy job was done.
Pretty ironic that people praise a bunch of qol when the game is just an avarage 2003 rpg with Genshin skin. I even prefer Genshin story more than HSR but thats maybe just me. when the game is just an avarage 2003 rpg with Genshin skin that's probably the most hateful roast against HSR... and I wholefully agree. This is probably why I won't stick with HSR for longer the the way I sticked with Genshin.
when the game is just an avarage 2003 rpg with Genshin skin that's probably the most hateful roast against HSR... and I wholefully agree. This is probably why I won't stick with HSR for longer the the way I sticked with Genshin.
I don’t see genshin as lazy. It seems the devs or whoever they report to, are vehemently against giving us QOL or anything we ask for really. We get a good amount of content at a fast pace compared to other games. The reason people get bored or burnt out is because we have no end game aside from the abyss (lol) and the resin system is a pain in the ass. Oh, and ofcourse artifact rng. But this goes back to my first point. They refuse to address this. There are a bunch of different combat events they could make permanent. They could add more abyss floors, dungeons, another combat mode entirely. But for some reason they won’t. Star Rail is.. fine? I love turn based rpgs but I couldn’t get into this. My biggest issues are going to sound stupid. I don’t like all the repetitive voice lines going into or during combat, only 2 skills, and the ultimate animations become annoying real fast. You spend more time watching flashy animations than anything else.
What I don't understand is people comparing two different game with different gameplay/mechanics. You can't compare an open world game like Genshin to a turn based rpg with a little of exploration. Morever, why are the comparing a 3 year old game like Genshin with HSR...which is 2 days old (not taking into account the beta) Those who say Genshin is the laziest game from Hoyoverse are in denial
Because HSR is better game for mobile players and gacha addicts who just want to grow their numbers and reroll accounts: auto battle for farming, skip button even in story sections, battle speed up button. Some other quality of life like button to resend expeditions, auto switch between M&K and gamepad for PC. While Genshin has non of that, but imo is a better exploration story-focused game, although I just prefer fantasy to pretty generic multiverse sci-fi (yes, I said it, Honkai fans, but that's just my preference), but it is much worse mobile game simply because it is harder to play direct action there and ping is much more of an issue. Also novelty. reroll accounts It takes around 40+ minutes to reroll in HSR, it's not worth it. Rerolling is incredibly stupid
reroll accounts It takes around 40+ minutes to reroll in HSR, it's not worth it.
Rerolling is incredibly stupid
I'm not interested in any of the Honkai universe but I will say that seeing the idle animations of Pela made me wish we had that level in Genshin. Catching her glasses was really adorable. Genshin has loads of money and effort put into it no doubt. And I will always praise how fast MHY spits out entire new regions since I came from a WoW background. But there are also loads of QoL stuff that they could have probably done by now.
I think that saying that Genshin is Hoyo laziest game is an exaggeration. But I definitely think there are some truth to the statement as well. Taking out subjective factors out of the equation, like story, combat, ect, there are a lot of QOL missing from genshin, that has been asked for a long time, that has been implemented in HSR. And considering that HSR just came out, the comparison will be made. Examples: Auto level up ( press 1 button, exp will be chosen automatically, surplus exp returned ) Faster party setup Do explorations with the same members again button Epitomized path in standard More Varied response in dialougue ( aka why is there a dialougue button here when the result is similar ) Dark loading screens I personally like genshin more than HSR but I also felt a bit annoyed that they were capable of implementing these things to HSR but not to their biggest cash cow
It’s simple. What people really mean is that they are dragging the high holy shit outta this game and not providing enough activities for players. As a level 60 player there is literally nothing to do but sit and wait for new updates. You log in for 5 minutes do your dailies and that’s it. They need more content for co op. Games, challenges, Versus, anything really. TCG had so much potential for co op experience but they did absolutely NOTHING with it lol. No leagues, leaderboards, tournaments, nothing. Not even a rematch button or chat feature. Honestly I’ve just been dying for someone to come out with a new free game because this ain’t doin it for me anymore.
For some unknown reason... They put a lot if QOL system genshin player ask for years into other games... They not laziest, but extremely eager to subvert players expectations. Those practise are double edged sword. It kept players surprise but kept their expectations unmet. And when player expectation are kept being subvert or not met despite all the money they put in.... Criticism occur, bias came, negative impact! And I'm probably one of them.
It’s not about it being lazy. It’s this kinda intangible layer of polish that is present in star rail but not genshin. Like how you have to jump to settings to change control scheme compared to star rail instantly switching on input. The UX being generally better/more detailed/well thought out or the various qol things. Probably because star rail is a simpler affair and also recency bias working its magic.
3 years: -can't make artifact presets, or swap all artifacts between two characters at once -horrible lip sync issues -quest activates while you are falling and you die -white Hoyoverse screen that players have been begging to be changed since launch because it blinds at night -cutscenee cannot be skipped -some sentences during a cutcene can be fast forwarded right away, and some have to play out for a bit -no change in gliding speed, despite it not having any negative effect on exploration This are off the top of my head. do you know that this is the most profitable game in the world?
I think it mainly boils down to QOL Turning around animations, cooler ults, DARK MODE for the UI, and stuff like that. Generosity, from what I can tell, you get more 5* units and you get a free 5* after 300 wishes. With 1 5* guaranteed after 50 pulls The game is new and fresh, you have a lot more to do in it rn, it'll simmer down in a few weeks
The answer is outrage, basically. And the same thing is going on in here too, just on the other end. There is nothing wrong with wanting things to be better. There is nothing wrong with pointing out the amount of things HSR has that people have been wanting for years in Genshin. There is something wrong with people putting up fights over others wanting those things. There is something wrong with people being extremely down Genshin for what it lacks. There is something wrong with people just saying all these people complaining are just a fad or have recency bias.
The Genshin community is so "positively toxic" that can and will damage anything hoyoverse that isn't Genshin.
While HSR brought QoL improvements that Genshin should have had by now, I can't say that the former is better than Genshin in my opinion. What made me love Genshin is due to a combination of the extensive soundtrack, the lore, the character designs, and exploration. I do think HSR is fun though.
Not Enough Map Markers :D
Story-wise, I think early HSR is, so far, better than the first Archon Quest. The first Archon Quest mostly succeeded in endearing its cast to the audience, but aside from that it's probably the overall weakest storytelling bit in Genshin (I think Inazuma had lower lows but also higher highs). If I had only played the first few hours of both, I would say that HSR is much more competent in its storytelling. Of course, Genshin has come a long way since then, and now there are even some unvoiced side quests that are honestly really well written and truly captivating. Another thing is that, through Mondstadt, it was kinda clear that the developers still didn't have the perfect idea of where they wanted to take the game, which is evident through the bunch of mediocre game mechanics that they introduced and then never mentioned again (the spikes in Kaeya's domain, the bombing glider section with Amber), not to mention the fact that the open world in Mondstadt is kinda dull when compared with everything from Liyue onwards. HSR is more linear, but it is very focused and effective in its linearity during the first few hours, while Genshin's first few hours are kinda weak by comparison. If I only had first impressions to base my opinion on, I would think that Genshin had the bigger budget, but didn't have a great focus in how it allocated its budget, making the game feel a bit lazier than the much more cohesive first impression that HSR gives. That being said, I don't think many of these criticisms even apply to Liyue, let alone Inazuma and Sumeru. It's weird cos I kinda feel the opposite way. I tried star rail for an hour but it didn't hook me in nearly as well as genshin did. I think genshin did a great job of pacing the progression early on to make it feel rewarding but not overwhelming. The UI in genshin also feels a lot cleaner and easier to navigate compared to star rail, just because they use bigger icons and more solid textures. Overall genshin also feels more inviting and welcoming to start with. In HSR it kinda feels like we're dumped into the middle of something and it was kinda hard for me to get my bearings initially compared to genshin.
It's weird cos I kinda feel the opposite way. I tried star rail for an hour but it didn't hook me in nearly as well as genshin did. I think genshin did a great job of pacing the progression early on to make it feel rewarding but not overwhelming. The UI in genshin also feels a lot cleaner and easier to navigate compared to star rail, just because they use bigger icons and more solid textures. Overall genshin also feels more inviting and welcoming to start with. In HSR it kinda feels like we're dumped into the middle of something and it was kinda hard for me to get my bearings initially compared to genshin.
Personally, a lot of people I see are just mildly annoyed because there are QoL features in star rail that are exactly what we wanted in Genshin. Also doesn't help how it's very easy to find faults in a game, and not the positive ones.
I bet this is because they don't listen to some feedback we already gave since day 1. Like making the initial screen black, artifact loadouts, button to dispatch all again on expeditions, the way they increase Abyss difficulty by just increasing monster hp and adding invulnerability phases, list goes on. Its because of this type of stuff I guess. Like you said the game is absolute amazing in some parts. But they're definitely being lazy on some others, either that or they're simply not aware what we want them to change (for years already), and honestly, I highly doubt they're not aware.
Why some people are saying this is hoyoverse laziest game because people are often very confident on being wrong both games probably take the same time to make I doubt that something on the level of honkai star rail or honkai impact would take as long as Genshin. You know they are totally different scales.
I doubt that something on the level of honkai star rail or honkai impact would take as long as Genshin. You know they are totally different scales.
Its just hype train because game is new and fresh. It will get pretty boring when they will run out of content. At least in genshin you can see beautiful landscape and run around map carelessly
It's just the hype of the new game, im also playing Hsr and im liking it personally, I absolutely agree that in qol and dialogue( especially for the protagonist) Hsr is ahead Genshin, but in most of the other case? Genshin is better imo, also Hsr is much easier to make. Edit: I also agree that Genshin need more qol
I think some of them are jelly that in that game we spend less time with npcs and more with characters and no paimon to cockblock them, it is freshly released so they wont see the problems yet. There are some qol i wished if genshin could get and i see them there first day.
Just play HSR and you can feel the difference of quality in polish. It can't compare to the amount of content in genshin, but everything in HSR seems like it was pushed to the best it could be. Genshin is very sloppy at parts, doesn't have near the amount of QoL features HSR has, and until lately didn't have good writing either. HSR team has clearly learnt from genshin's mistakes.
A lot of people are simply just burnt out with the game but can't bring themselves to admit it, so they bitch about something in order to justify their quitting.
because a lot of QoL feedback  for genshin went to honkai star rail. I don't think ''laziest game'' is right but I understand why people are angry
those who don't like it will say shit like that those who do like it won't also you should know one thing, other gacha fandoms like to worship their gacha game, that's why we have shit takes from people who don't even play the game one look at their comment and you would notice how much bs those people are spewing my tip is just ignore them, just let them live in their evho chamber, they won't change their mind
I wouldnt call genshin a lazy game, definitely not. However i personally wasnt much interested in most story quests when they got less personal and more grand scale (conflict of inazuma, the whole issue with the akhademiya and nahida). Its in my opinion too much political or uninteresting dialogue and considering genshin is a very dialogue heavy game it could feel like a drag for me sometimes. Making me spam spacebar + m1 to get to the more interesting parts. With honkai star rail everything feels more personal. You dont have a flying mascott who does all the talking for you, in the story your companions are actually your companions and not just for a region. Sure you meet new characters in a region but your companions are (atleast up till now for me) always the same allowing for more interesting personal character building. The text messages in the game also help making you feel more like a goofy (somewhat) normal person rather than the “almighty perfect traveller everyone knows is so awesome”. Obviously this all says nothing about the future but for now i enjoy it more than genshin.
I mean sure open world might be harder to polish plus star rail is like 3 days right now. Maybe the few things I could think of are some few qol that should be in the game by now, like the repeat expedition after claiming the rewards is a good start, In star rail and they also have other easier and guaranteed ways to get the 50/50 5 star gang which are in the beginner banner, after doing 300 pulls in normal banner, and in the store starglitter equivalent store in star rail while genshin still only sells the first few 4 stars in the game for 3 years now (correct me if I'm wrong). Like they can't even be bothered to put diluc and the gang in the store after a few months or a year and just make them expensive, while star rail already has himeko in the store in day 1 who is part of the normal pool of 5 stars.
I'd say lazy when it comes to character design. Not saying THEY'RE LAZY LAZY, but many characters in Honkai look really really good.
It’s funny to see people saying how Genshin will be left behind because a newer game is out and how HSR is lazy and lame at the same time
Id say let's give this game that just came out some time. It's not an open world action RPG, but rather like a classic RPG, with very different focuses and strengths.
Is lazy in 2 part a lot of QoL that is not there for some reason and end game activities. Genshin refuse to have a lot of things that will make it played it a lot better like more icons to put in the map, the lack of artifact layouts, to name a few. End game because we have the same time gated with bigger snd bigger HP bars in 11 and 12 Abyss, how reputations can be a fun little challenge with better rewards but instead is just but instead are none existent when you reach max reputation in each region. How commissions still pretty soulless activities that most of the time are just boring. And most of this is made pretty obvious when you play Honkai and Star rail. To the point that you wonder if they don't improve this points of the game so you play the other games Hoyo have.
I don’t think it’s lazy. However I HATE grinding. It’s so much work I’m burnt out from it
It's just a "grass is greener on the other side" thing. People are noticing some nice things in HSR like QOL and turn animations and then wishing they were in Genshin. Genshin has a lot of stuff that HSR doesn't have, but they're taking it for granted.
One of the reasons is mhy is adding/refining features in new game which previous one lacked. It's like taking two step forward and one step backward.
Because it has NO SKIP button for dialogue. Thr dialogue is boring af and can be reduced to a small text message.
Ah yes. An open world game that's nearly triple the size since launch is lazy compared to a newly launched game with turned base combat and a linear exploration.
Laziest as in : it lacks basic features at every corner, from mounts up to artifact presets. And let's not talk about the standard banner characters that are insanely harder to get compared to limited ones, since we have no way to target Mona etc. Sure the OverWorld is a lot of work etc, and it's nice, but it's about time we get artifact rerolls / main stat lock, presets, etc
Who's say genshin lazy game in the first time?
The new shiniest toy is obviously going to be better. /s I have seen some absolute horrible takes about GI past few days. So much of the naysayers problems are their own problems and not a fundamental problem with the game.
I play day one GGZ on 3 servers. Day one hi3. Day one genshin. Day one zombie gal kawai. Genshin laziest? Scriptwriting yes, gameplay no, qol kind of but it's understandable, its different engine anyway. Let's see how star rail goes
I tried Star Rail but still ended up missing Genshin. Genshin just hits different.
I can switch characters in my team with the click of a button in HSR, while in Genshin I need to channel my inner wait 3 seconds for nothing to then change my team. This annoying chargebar often prevents me from switching characters, so I just ignore Puzzles I'd need Amber or whatever for. If it could just be instant, like in Honkai.
I didn't even know that was a thing! I'm too busy playing both games. They both have their pros and cons, and for me, Genshin's biggest pro is the exploration when you get to new zones. For Star Rail, so far, it's the story, but it's still the early game for me (I'm at the equivalent of AR19) so that can change.
genshin is spread out alot in its effort and resources whereas the honkai games can be more focused anyone who played the "open world" of honkai impact 3rd will remember how bare bones it was. It's not like they dont care or put effort, its just they have so much to do you cant take too much time on polishing everything.
People sadly have to compare stuff.  And when they move onto a new game, they will try to justify it by attacking the previous game.  Even when they were singing the previous games praises and attacking the game before that.  There's just some people who can't like something without hating something else.  They don't speak for the majority.  But they're a very loud minority (especially online). This is very common in MMOs and MOBAs.  New MMO or MOBA comes out and everyone jumps on it.  And you hear tons and tons of people going "Thank god, WoW sucks!"  Then they play the new game for a month, get tired of it, then go back to WoW.  And act like they never hated it.  The same cycle will likely happen to Genshin once the Honkai hype dies down.  And this is why I question why Mihoyo started yet another new game.
Tbh I’m always surprised that Honkai and Genshin are from the same developer. They look and feel like totally different games, even HI3
i’m pretty sure the hype will calm down after a few weeks. not saying people will quit honkai star rail after the hype is down (though some may will) as i myself could see myself playing the game for a while. what i can say is that genshins a lot better than honkai when it comes to exploration. obviously, yes honkai star rail is a turn based rpg, while genshin is an open world rpg, honkai still has a bit of open world. i guess for me, the exploration and the details in the worlds look better in genshin than it does in honkai star rail
I think its because there is just so much to nit pick about the game, and I mean SO SO MUCH, I could list down 50 small problems if I play for a week like cooldowns not resetting after resetting the chamber, why needing to start at chamber one all the time if the stars will be kept there for the rest of the season, no off button for like 2 - 3 characters on constellations, no special effects for points in exploration-based events, its always reusing effects or just brown or yellow orbs, etc Edit: also I'm not sure about star rail but I'm pretty sure it's because turn-based combat is much easier to work with than genshin's combat system
The awful, unnatural animations in cutscenes, some big, important quests not being voiced (aranara and the desert quests), very few skins, some characters having big issues that aren't getting fixed (childe not being able to plunge on his skill, off field dmg dealers not targeting some stuff they should target) genshin deserves the title of the laziest game. Oh, and the dialogues are UNREADABLE, they're repetitive, and despite being long provide very little info
Its impossible to satisfy all people
lazy is a s very lazy word to use.  HoYo is the opposite of "lazy".
Basically the things that we’ve been asking for since ever are implemented in HSR from the get go..i think thats what ticks people off Things such as: more end-game, artifacts reroll (yeah once per month), 5* wp’s in shop, 4*wps in abyss currency, MC that talks..things like that..
Funny enough, people are always quick to shit on the big game in the room and even call genshin/Hoyo lazy. But genshin is the most expensive and hardest gacha to develop in the entire market, the amount of time that goes into genshin makes other devs look lazy instead imo.
I like Genshin more. The only thing Honkai does better is combat animations. Genshin is far from lazy and i can't understand why people say that either
Star rail in a way is so what smaller scaled… its jot an insanely huge open world ….idk y ppl r being so dramatic over this…like genshin isn’t perfect but it’s not a bad game at all
Just give them time until they hit the actual gameplay loop and let's see how they cry. Honeymoon phase makes people stupid
The endless comparisons are insane. Just say you like the system/gameplay of star rail more and move on.
Honestly the only thing Genshin is missing is a HI3rd level cinematic
Nah. i wouldnt say the laziest game. It evolved and has gotten better since release. Like.. a lot better. Sure, some QoL features arent there, and Star Rail has some nicer animations for running, but tbh: they arent the focus of the development. At least i think it is like this. Its a different game. It has a different battle system, a different style and so on. Sure, not a reason to be lazy now, but i think its not really warrented for such a grim statement.
Genshin is an amazing game with one huge big problem: paimon.
I believe it's because Genshin could have a massive QoL improvement with so little (still no skip button for dialogues and cutscene, just to mention one) and yet here we are.
Lazy is such a dumb descriptor for things like this. Who is being lazy? Is it the boots on the ground employees?  They are being paid by Hoyo, so they are going to try to get their money's worth out of them.  They're not letting them idle without purpose. Or is it management?  There are very few of these compared to the group above, and their main job is to decide where dev effort is spent. So if you say Hoyo is being lazy with Genshin, you must either mean: you actually believe the devs are lazing around and you want them to work harder, or you want management to change what the devs are focusing on. I would like to believe that we all think crunch is bad, so lets ignore the first point.  So if this is a management direction issue, we should actually just tell Hoyo to focus on, say, giving us artifact loadouts.  The people saying that the card game effort should be moved elsewhere got it.  Basically, it removes the delusion that we can get more stuff without sacrifice. Of course, there are complicating factors here.  Maybe adding loadouts takes a lot more effort than expected, and they fear that people who don't care for loadouts will be mad because the content suffers for it.  Maybe it's something best done piecemeal on the background; effort is being spent, but we can only see the payoff at the end.  Or maybe it's because Hoyoverse is a business, and they believe that artifact loadouts will cost them money in the short or long term.  Or maybe they just don't think loadouts are a big deal. So call them dumb or greedy or shortsighted or understaffed or misguided or unimaginative or whatever you want. Calling them lazy is pointless and useless.
To me, it’s only lazy on the endgame department. HSR just released with a cool rogue-like mode that you can do endlessly without any rewards (actually you get enemy material drops so it’s a nice way to farm those without having to rely on routes) Been grinding that shit day and night just to see how each path plays with my current main team and stockpile enemy mats.
The main thing that makes Genshin seem less than to me is the fact that the Star Rail dialogue is freaking hilarious, but even that is probably just recency bias
ignorance and the want want want mentality. genshin isn't perfect but saying it laziest is the other extreme that can't be further from truth. it's a good thing though, since that makes it easy to spot people whose opinions you can summarily discard lol.
The only thing that is obvious is that Genshin definitely isn't Hoyo's favorite
Genshin is by far hoyo's best produced game. Hell, I'd go as far as saying it's one of highest production value games on the market. Star rail is great but in terms of production value doesn't really compare to Genshin. That being said... At times, it does seem like Hoyo favors Honkai more. They're so rigid with Genshin. No QoL, refusal to address issues with underperforming characters (with some exceptions), why no skins?
Recency bias and clout
It's lazy because they won't fix very easy QoL stuff in the game, in exploration, dialogue and combat. The requests many people have been making for years in this game, went into Honkai Star Rail and events and characters have gotten lazier in a lot of areas bc they have funneled their new resources into the new game and left some people in the dust in Genshin. Do I think that Honkai Star Rail is unequivocally better in all aspects? No, but it is very obvious why these changes and improvements have not happened yet, and that's why people are irritated.
Yeah, this is kinda Annoying. People have always trashed on Genshin for how it could be better without acknowledging how good it really is. And now with HSR (I’m having a lot of fun so far) it feels like people are using that as evidence for how GI “sucks” To be fair, I hope GI gets some of the QoL system currently in HSR, but I have very few complaints. Oh, also, I keep seeing people say the pull system in HSR is so much better than GI, and then they state everything about HSR system and it’s… the same… THE SAME!! The only differences are that you get to pick a standard 5* of your choice after 300 pulls. And that rather than an epitomized path, their “weapon(ish)” system just has. 75% drop rate fore the advertised weapon. The free 5* is awesome, don’t get me wrong. But 300 is a lot of pulls. Casual players won’t get there for a while…. Also, I feel like 5* weapons in GI are kinda a luxury item. I’m a dolphin in Genshin and rarely actually pull for weapons, but that’s just how I play the game.
Recency bias and people jumping in the hype-train bandwagon. Give it some time and I guarantee you'll see the complains that always pop out in this subreddit in HSR.
Hater's are going to hate. Pay you no mind to that shit and get those primogems...
Because people have no idea of what being a lazy developer means, let alone a lazy game developer
Probably cuz hardcore Honkai fans are way too happy with SR and have to say Genshin is cringe. I cant say for sure  which one has more "love" into it but Im liking the vibe of Star rail a lot and it does help having honkai characters there even tho they are different. Also, man, the little interactive items that dont stop you from walking and have a little description as if our MC was saying something... thats Starbound right there and I love it. Also also, the train is literally a novakid space ship lol
Guys, this game is literally at a higher level than some console games. Even if I had to pay to play it I would do it.
HSR is probably their “laziest” game, but even so it’s still a great game with stunning visuals and pretty alright exploration. I haven’t played HI3, so I can’t really speak about this, but Genshin for sure is far from lazy.
Funny because IMO HSR is the laziest game they've made; sure it has decent polish and its pretty to look at but thats about it, since there is basically no gameplay they literally only have to focus on making an aesthetically pleasing game.
Some things are just apparent especially if you've played from the beginning. Even newer players somewhere down the line, 6 months or so can see. Battle pass has no update to the weapons (almost 3 years now) Spiral Abyss but no other endgame content (almost 3 years now) QoL missing and used on their other games (almost 3 years now) Paimon Bargain same rotation no updates (almost 3 years now) You can't wrap your head around it because you're looking only from the surface. Are they the laziest? Sure they're not. But they're no longer the indie company they were in 2020 when Genshin first went live. They're counting billions nowadays. So yeah, pardon us for criticizing them.
Cause they're not the ones working on it. If a game on the level of genshin didn't require a lot of work, a lot of company would have copied and easily compete with it yet 2+yrs later and there's still no competition for it. ToF tried and failed and the one I think that can rival it(wuthering waves) is still being polished because they know they can't half ass it if they want to compete with genshin
QoLs, better story writings, better jokes, and many more QoLs that we all wanted in genshin but never get. I still dfk why genshin couldn’t implement such simple stuff.
Hoyo recycles the same 5 base models since launch and takes no "risks" with the designs despite the budget. As for the writing they are lazy with how much agency they take away from the player in exchange for Paimons same old jargon.
