I've been thinking about this for a while and it finally hit me like a brick when doing this event. I feel like I have to try extra hard to make sense of every piece of dialogue in this game, and it's just not enjoyable. ================================================================================  评论列表:
Yes. Also the text speed made it worse. Let me make text speed faster automatically without me keep clicking. It's so tiring track me Oh don't forget when you can't skip the dialogue texts because the NPC has to play that one little hand swing animation at the end of the dialogue and you have to wait it out before you can click off. As someone who can speed read its irritating how slow the goddamn texts are loaded, like if they making us read paragraphs after paragraphs at least make it load faster
Oh don't forget when you can't skip the dialogue texts because the NPC has to play that one little hand swing animation at the end of the dialogue and you have to wait it out before you can click off.
As someone who can speed read its irritating how slow the goddamn texts are loaded, like if they making us read paragraphs after paragraphs at least make it load faster
"Hello, Traveler." "I know we've only just met, but would you like to hear the story of my family ancestry and my opinions on the current geo-political climate in Teyvat?" (In case it's a known/playable character, make sure Paimon screeches their name out in full at maximum volume instead.) ●Yeah, sure. ●No. (Yeah, sure--but a different dialogue option) "Spendid, here I go!" [Pointless diatribe full of useless information and childish banter that serves little to no purpose in the Event's/Quest's story interspersed with dialogue of Paimon needlessly regurgitating what has already been established.] ●Wow, that was... ●...Super informative! "Thank you. Now, let us proceed out of this character interaction so we can move exactly thirty meters south so we can step into another cutscene immediately. Also, speaking of moving--would you like to hear my five hundred word, twenty-five text-boxes long essay on what my favourite type of Sweet Flower dish is? It's sure to move you to tears!" ●Yeah, sure. ●No. (Yeah, sure--but a different dialogue option) "Splendid, here I go-" The breaking point for me was in this event when the game made me get out of the stage to give Cyno the TCG card, to then show another cutscene OF US GOING DOWN THE STAGE STAIRS TO TALK TO HIM. WHY, JUST MAKE IT A SINGLE FUCKING CUTSCENE I especially liked the part where Kaveh and Faruzan had to draw lots to decide who was going to get the win in the first half, and it became very clear exactly what was happening the moment both of them appeared on-screen while talking about who was going to get the win... ...And Paimon still felt the need to go "Oh, I get it! Faruzan and Kaveh must've both gotten a Swiftfly at the same time! And now they're going to draw straws to determine who gets the win!!" Yes, Paimon. That was patently clear to all of us with eyes, thank you very much. I hear ya. Really? I need to walk from here to here (or teleport) just for another cutscene to trigger? Is this exciting gameplay? The only positive thing is that it gives you a point where you could pause/quit if you need to. BUT a skip all button would solve sosososososoSO many issues. THIS WAS ALL OF THE SAMSARA FESTIVAL QUEST I just did that this week and it literally was just running back and forth with Yelan’s skill (thankfully c1 for two charges). THANKFULLY it was voiced. However, Sorush’s quests were completely unvoiced. Painfully. At first I tried voicing them all myself, but that got exhausting. 🫠 I just stopped reading it. If it were that important, it would be voiced. Chances are Paimon's gonna re-explain most-- if not all-- of it in a different quest anyway.
The breaking point for me was in this event when the game made me get out of the stage to give Cyno the TCG card, to then show another cutscene OF US GOING DOWN THE STAGE STAIRS TO TALK TO HIM. WHY, JUST MAKE IT A SINGLE FUCKING CUTSCENE I especially liked the part where Kaveh and Faruzan had to draw lots to decide who was going to get the win in the first half, and it became very clear exactly what was happening the moment both of them appeared on-screen while talking about who was going to get the win... ...And Paimon still felt the need to go "Oh, I get it! Faruzan and Kaveh must've both gotten a Swiftfly at the same time! And now they're going to draw straws to determine who gets the win!!" Yes, Paimon. That was patently clear to all of us with eyes, thank you very much. I hear ya. Really? I need to walk from here to here (or teleport) just for another cutscene to trigger? Is this exciting gameplay? The only positive thing is that it gives you a point where you could pause/quit if you need to. BUT a skip all button would solve sosososososoSO many issues.
I especially liked the part where Kaveh and Faruzan had to draw lots to decide who was going to get the win in the first half, and it became very clear exactly what was happening the moment both of them appeared on-screen while talking about who was going to get the win... ...And Paimon still felt the need to go "Oh, I get it! Faruzan and Kaveh must've both gotten a Swiftfly at the same time! And now they're going to draw straws to determine who gets the win!!" Yes, Paimon. That was patently clear to all of us with eyes, thank you very much.
I hear ya. Really? I need to walk from here to here (or teleport) just for another cutscene to trigger? Is this exciting gameplay? The only positive thing is that it gives you a point where you could pause/quit if you need to. BUT a skip all button would solve sosososososoSO many issues.
THIS WAS ALL OF THE SAMSARA FESTIVAL QUEST I just did that this week and it literally was just running back and forth with Yelan’s skill (thankfully c1 for two charges). THANKFULLY it was voiced. However, Sorush’s quests were completely unvoiced. Painfully. At first I tried voicing them all myself, but that got exhausting. 🫠 I just stopped reading it. If it were that important, it would be voiced. Chances are Paimon's gonna re-explain most-- if not all-- of it in a different quest anyway.
I just stopped reading it. If it were that important, it would be voiced. Chances are Paimon's gonna re-explain most-- if not all-- of it in a different quest anyway.
Which is why most text is skipped or skimmed through. I have a hard time digesting the story when it isn’t voiced. Luckily there are recap or lore videos. While the story is good, the story telling is really bullcrap, I agree. 500 sentence are not needed, if you can explain it in just 5. Why do I have to listen to all this and can't even skip it with one button? I just wish we would have more cinematic cutscenes and not this "I am standing around and talking forever about the same topic and repeat myself with other words. Sometimes even without a voice" scenes. A lot of the time I can figure out what's going on by skimming. "Okay, this kid is a scammer who's hard on times and doesn't have parents, I figured that out, I'm not sure why there's so much pointless flavor dialogue that makes it tedious" like Genshin has such an inefficient and wasteful storytelling style, and that can even extend to the story quests And it's never inefficient and wasteful when you want it to be. Inazuma, an island surrounded by lightning and thunder across it's surrounding ocean, with wild sea dragons scouting the beaches for prey, an island nearly impossible to reach by boat. And how does the game get us there after an hour of boring quest dialogue? You get on the boat, the screen fades to black, and white text tells us "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" Kokomi goes to war against shogun .... time skip ok lets fight the shogun now and skip the war part. "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" I still member expecting "Beidou & crew navigation skills in a storm to Inazuma" cut scenes but mhy was like, nahh Could do with a cutscene where they see the island comes into view. In fact, do this when you venture into a new area. they could have at least made a slideshow of images like for other events but there's nothing OMG lets not forget the "we run out of quest idea's so we are going to make you do the same quests 4 times but call each something different" 🙄 Tsurumi Island! they took the kuzco's poison meme and did it unironically in their writing Oh, right. The poison... The poison for Kuzco, the poison chosen specially to kill Kuzco, Kuzco's poison. That poison? Paimon thinks it's the poison that kills Kuzco, right? Is that really that dangerous than paimon's frog flavored slime cryo-cream? Response options: [ Kuzco's...] [... poison?] they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue What makes is worse is when you read the 5 paragraphs about Kuzco's poison and then Paimon proceeds to say exactly what you just read. The *plot is good. The story in which the plot is told is bad because its not entertaining or engaging when actually experienced I've thought this for awhile now, but Genshin's storyboard is amazing. The rough rough draft of ideas and events and all the happenings are very interesting. But holy fucking shit do they absolutely blow at turning that storyboard into a digestible storyline. I’ve felt this way since Inazuma. Interesting story, bad  execution. 用户已删除评论 I still don't understand why they bother voicing every limited time event that they also refuse to rerun but important world quests like enkanomiya, aranyaka and golden slumber are unvoiced. Nothing fills me with more rage than the fucking audacity of having characters spew paragraphs of unvoiced dialog at me during those quests, and often while I'm running around, not just during cutscenes. Fortunately I'm a fast enough reader usually but good lord it scrolls so damn fast. It's one of the most asinine and flat out hostile game design choices I've encountered in awhile. Yeah 4-5 line of text and 3 seconds to read it The worst is when it pops open a scrollable text window with like 15 paragraphs. Just give me the cliff’snotes version now, and a book in my inventory I can read later if I really want to. Idk if it's a translation issue or that genshin is made for kids but the dialogue kinda seems to assume the reader is stupid and needs everything explicitly spelled out for them multiple times in the most unnatural and jarring way possible. For example, they want to get across that Sucrose feels awkward. They depict her being awkward, then cut to an internal monologue of her saying she's awkward, then cut to Piamon's internal monologue saying it looks like Sucrose is uncomfortable, then have Sucrose apologize out loud for being awkward. Literally all one right after the other.  It's super annoying. While the story is good, the story telling is really bullcrap imo these are one and the same. I think Genshin's story has lots of interesting elements that give it the potential to become a good story. But when your writers' continuing mission is to bloat all dialogue and exposition needlessly, then all of the hard work put into the worldbuilding and setting up an interesting story structure just falls flat on its head. The daily quest at Inazuma about a writer confusing his readers is quite ironical. You mean the one with 60 screens of unskippable dialogue about a totally meaningless thing from 2 totally meaningless NPCs that you have to see over and over again with no way to skip it? That one?? I read voiceless VNs before and I still find Genshin storytelling exhausting. It's the combination of being voiceless and the blank expressions and minimal movement of the characters/camera. Tbh makes sense for a mobile game that the characters aren't as expressive as in a PC/console release, but the dialogue bloat and paimon in general could be helped. This. I am so fascinated by the lore when it's not told by Genshin . Which is very sad. But I just cannot pay attention to text that's painfully convoluted, repetitive and is written as if the player is a 3 year old. Genshin could be an incredible RPG if it focused on it's storytelling and I hate that I cannot enjoy it the way it would deserve. It's the opposite for me lol. I end up skimming dialogues because listening to the full voice over would drag on too long. honestly it's only gotten worse and worse with the recent quests. not only are Liloupar and Sorush annoying as hell, the haughty, fanciful, LONG STRETCHES of flowery text are a fucking pain to go through, I find myself just skipping it "It will not be long before my might may be shown, and you will all not forget what you have seen here!" shut the fuck up, I want my aranara friends back, they had more to say in less words As much as I want to care, unvoiced stuff just makes me zone out more. Its unavoidable. It would ironically be better for people like me if the areas weren't so lore rich. Having these random names i've never seen in my life used for all of the people in the past or random tree gods is not something thats going to click with me. Even if Paimon rementions who they are 12 times, its not enough. Especially with this storyline where I held off this area since i'm sick of desert, I felt rushed to catch back up to do the event. I feel the same way. I really enjoy the lore and I want to care but half of it is names and so much filler dialogue I can’t keep anything straight. I want to pay attention to the newest desert quests but I just zone completely out because I can’t follow most of it no matter how many times Paimon repeats things. And its not like the stuff is going to be relevant lore for much of these zones 3 months after they are released. Just think of all of the lore with the Aranara. All the names and places there and what they called normal things like just the forest. If they got the love and attention they deserved all these months, i'd still remember most of it. The worst is things that end up in tutorials just after the text Long ass tirade from Paimon about how to do what followed by like 3 slides going "do this and that happens" But then in new areas you're also BOMBARDED with slides, so sometimes the information don't stick whatsoever
While the story is good, the story telling is really bullcrap, I agree. 500 sentence are not needed, if you can explain it in just 5. Why do I have to listen to all this and can't even skip it with one button? I just wish we would have more cinematic cutscenes and not this "I am standing around and talking forever about the same topic and repeat myself with other words. Sometimes even without a voice" scenes. A lot of the time I can figure out what's going on by skimming. "Okay, this kid is a scammer who's hard on times and doesn't have parents, I figured that out, I'm not sure why there's so much pointless flavor dialogue that makes it tedious" like Genshin has such an inefficient and wasteful storytelling style, and that can even extend to the story quests And it's never inefficient and wasteful when you want it to be. Inazuma, an island surrounded by lightning and thunder across it's surrounding ocean, with wild sea dragons scouting the beaches for prey, an island nearly impossible to reach by boat. And how does the game get us there after an hour of boring quest dialogue? You get on the boat, the screen fades to black, and white text tells us "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" Kokomi goes to war against shogun .... time skip ok lets fight the shogun now and skip the war part. "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" I still member expecting "Beidou & crew navigation skills in a storm to Inazuma" cut scenes but mhy was like, nahh Could do with a cutscene where they see the island comes into view. In fact, do this when you venture into a new area. they could have at least made a slideshow of images like for other events but there's nothing OMG lets not forget the "we run out of quest idea's so we are going to make you do the same quests 4 times but call each something different" 🙄 Tsurumi Island! they took the kuzco's poison meme and did it unironically in their writing Oh, right. The poison... The poison for Kuzco, the poison chosen specially to kill Kuzco, Kuzco's poison. That poison? Paimon thinks it's the poison that kills Kuzco, right? Is that really that dangerous than paimon's frog flavored slime cryo-cream? Response options: [ Kuzco's...] [... poison?] they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue What makes is worse is when you read the 5 paragraphs about Kuzco's poison and then Paimon proceeds to say exactly what you just read. The *plot is good. The story in which the plot is told is bad because its not entertaining or engaging when actually experienced I've thought this for awhile now, but Genshin's storyboard is amazing. The rough rough draft of ideas and events and all the happenings are very interesting. But holy fucking shit do they absolutely blow at turning that storyboard into a digestible storyline. I’ve felt this way since Inazuma. Interesting story, bad  execution. 用户已删除评论 I still don't understand why they bother voicing every limited time event that they also refuse to rerun but important world quests like enkanomiya, aranyaka and golden slumber are unvoiced. Nothing fills me with more rage than the fucking audacity of having characters spew paragraphs of unvoiced dialog at me during those quests, and often while I'm running around, not just during cutscenes. Fortunately I'm a fast enough reader usually but good lord it scrolls so damn fast. It's one of the most asinine and flat out hostile game design choices I've encountered in awhile. Yeah 4-5 line of text and 3 seconds to read it The worst is when it pops open a scrollable text window with like 15 paragraphs. Just give me the cliff’snotes version now, and a book in my inventory I can read later if I really want to. Idk if it's a translation issue or that genshin is made for kids but the dialogue kinda seems to assume the reader is stupid and needs everything explicitly spelled out for them multiple times in the most unnatural and jarring way possible. For example, they want to get across that Sucrose feels awkward. They depict her being awkward, then cut to an internal monologue of her saying she's awkward, then cut to Piamon's internal monologue saying it looks like Sucrose is uncomfortable, then have Sucrose apologize out loud for being awkward. Literally all one right after the other.  It's super annoying. While the story is good, the story telling is really bullcrap imo these are one and the same. I think Genshin's story has lots of interesting elements that give it the potential to become a good story. But when your writers' continuing mission is to bloat all dialogue and exposition needlessly, then all of the hard work put into the worldbuilding and setting up an interesting story structure just falls flat on its head. The daily quest at Inazuma about a writer confusing his readers is quite ironical. You mean the one with 60 screens of unskippable dialogue about a totally meaningless thing from 2 totally meaningless NPCs that you have to see over and over again with no way to skip it? That one??
A lot of the time I can figure out what's going on by skimming. "Okay, this kid is a scammer who's hard on times and doesn't have parents, I figured that out, I'm not sure why there's so much pointless flavor dialogue that makes it tedious" like Genshin has such an inefficient and wasteful storytelling style, and that can even extend to the story quests And it's never inefficient and wasteful when you want it to be. Inazuma, an island surrounded by lightning and thunder across it's surrounding ocean, with wild sea dragons scouting the beaches for prey, an island nearly impossible to reach by boat. And how does the game get us there after an hour of boring quest dialogue? You get on the boat, the screen fades to black, and white text tells us "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" Kokomi goes to war against shogun .... time skip ok lets fight the shogun now and skip the war part. "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" I still member expecting "Beidou & crew navigation skills in a storm to Inazuma" cut scenes but mhy was like, nahh Could do with a cutscene where they see the island comes into view. In fact, do this when you venture into a new area. they could have at least made a slideshow of images like for other events but there's nothing OMG lets not forget the "we run out of quest idea's so we are going to make you do the same quests 4 times but call each something different" 🙄 Tsurumi Island!
And it's never inefficient and wasteful when you want it to be. Inazuma, an island surrounded by lightning and thunder across it's surrounding ocean, with wild sea dragons scouting the beaches for prey, an island nearly impossible to reach by boat. And how does the game get us there after an hour of boring quest dialogue? You get on the boat, the screen fades to black, and white text tells us "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" Kokomi goes to war against shogun .... time skip ok lets fight the shogun now and skip the war part. "You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" I still member expecting "Beidou & crew navigation skills in a storm to Inazuma" cut scenes but mhy was like, nahh Could do with a cutscene where they see the island comes into view. In fact, do this when you venture into a new area. they could have at least made a slideshow of images like for other events but there's nothing OMG lets not forget the "we run out of quest idea's so we are going to make you do the same quests 4 times but call each something different" 🙄 Tsurumi Island!
Kokomi goes to war against shogun .... time skip ok lets fight the shogun now and skip the war part.
"You travel to Inazuma, and arrive" I still member expecting "Beidou & crew navigation skills in a storm to Inazuma" cut scenes but mhy was like, nahh Could do with a cutscene where they see the island comes into view. In fact, do this when you venture into a new area. they could have at least made a slideshow of images like for other events but there's nothing
Could do with a cutscene where they see the island comes into view. In fact, do this when you venture into a new area.
they could have at least made a slideshow of images like for other events but there's nothing
OMG lets not forget the "we run out of quest idea's so we are going to make you do the same quests 4 times but call each something different" 🙄 Tsurumi Island!
they took the kuzco's poison meme and did it unironically in their writing Oh, right. The poison... The poison for Kuzco, the poison chosen specially to kill Kuzco, Kuzco's poison. That poison? Paimon thinks it's the poison that kills Kuzco, right? Is that really that dangerous than paimon's frog flavored slime cryo-cream? Response options: [ Kuzco's...] [... poison?] they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue What makes is worse is when you read the 5 paragraphs about Kuzco's poison and then Paimon proceeds to say exactly what you just read.
Oh, right. The poison... The poison for Kuzco, the poison chosen specially to kill Kuzco, Kuzco's poison. That poison? Paimon thinks it's the poison that kills Kuzco, right? Is that really that dangerous than paimon's frog flavored slime cryo-cream? Response options: [ Kuzco's...] [... poison?] they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue What makes is worse is when you read the 5 paragraphs about Kuzco's poison and then Paimon proceeds to say exactly what you just read.
Paimon thinks it's the poison that kills Kuzco, right? Is that really that dangerous than paimon's frog flavored slime cryo-cream? Response options: [ Kuzco's...] [... poison?] they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue
Response options: [ Kuzco's...] [... poison?] they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue
they give you dialogue options that are parts of one sentence so they're meant to go together so why give me an option it just stops me from spamming spacebar to skip the non voiced dialogue
What makes is worse is when you read the 5 paragraphs about Kuzco's poison and then Paimon proceeds to say exactly what you just read.
The *plot is good. The story in which the plot is told is bad because its not entertaining or engaging when actually experienced I've thought this for awhile now, but Genshin's storyboard is amazing. The rough rough draft of ideas and events and all the happenings are very interesting. But holy fucking shit do they absolutely blow at turning that storyboard into a digestible storyline.
I've thought this for awhile now, but Genshin's storyboard is amazing. The rough rough draft of ideas and events and all the happenings are very interesting. But holy fucking shit do they absolutely blow at turning that storyboard into a digestible storyline.
I’ve felt this way since Inazuma. Interesting story, bad  execution.
用户已删除评论 I still don't understand why they bother voicing every limited time event that they also refuse to rerun but important world quests like enkanomiya, aranyaka and golden slumber are unvoiced. Nothing fills me with more rage than the fucking audacity of having characters spew paragraphs of unvoiced dialog at me during those quests, and often while I'm running around, not just during cutscenes. Fortunately I'm a fast enough reader usually but good lord it scrolls so damn fast. It's one of the most asinine and flat out hostile game design choices I've encountered in awhile. Yeah 4-5 line of text and 3 seconds to read it
I still don't understand why they bother voicing every limited time event that they also refuse to rerun but important world quests like enkanomiya, aranyaka and golden slumber are unvoiced. Nothing fills me with more rage than the fucking audacity of having characters spew paragraphs of unvoiced dialog at me during those quests, and often while I'm running around, not just during cutscenes. Fortunately I'm a fast enough reader usually but good lord it scrolls so damn fast. It's one of the most asinine and flat out hostile game design choices I've encountered in awhile. Yeah 4-5 line of text and 3 seconds to read it
Nothing fills me with more rage than the fucking audacity of having characters spew paragraphs of unvoiced dialog at me during those quests, and often while I'm running around, not just during cutscenes. Fortunately I'm a fast enough reader usually but good lord it scrolls so damn fast. It's one of the most asinine and flat out hostile game design choices I've encountered in awhile. Yeah 4-5 line of text and 3 seconds to read it
Yeah 4-5 line of text and 3 seconds to read it
The worst is when it pops open a scrollable text window with like 15 paragraphs. Just give me the cliff’snotes version now, and a book in my inventory I can read later if I really want to.
Idk if it's a translation issue or that genshin is made for kids but the dialogue kinda seems to assume the reader is stupid and needs everything explicitly spelled out for them multiple times in the most unnatural and jarring way possible. For example, they want to get across that Sucrose feels awkward. They depict her being awkward, then cut to an internal monologue of her saying she's awkward, then cut to Piamon's internal monologue saying it looks like Sucrose is uncomfortable, then have Sucrose apologize out loud for being awkward. Literally all one right after the other.  It's super annoying.
While the story is good, the story telling is really bullcrap imo these are one and the same. I think Genshin's story has lots of interesting elements that give it the potential to become a good story. But when your writers' continuing mission is to bloat all dialogue and exposition needlessly, then all of the hard work put into the worldbuilding and setting up an interesting story structure just falls flat on its head. The daily quest at Inazuma about a writer confusing his readers is quite ironical. You mean the one with 60 screens of unskippable dialogue about a totally meaningless thing from 2 totally meaningless NPCs that you have to see over and over again with no way to skip it? That one??
The daily quest at Inazuma about a writer confusing his readers is quite ironical. You mean the one with 60 screens of unskippable dialogue about a totally meaningless thing from 2 totally meaningless NPCs that you have to see over and over again with no way to skip it? That one??
You mean the one with 60 screens of unskippable dialogue about a totally meaningless thing from 2 totally meaningless NPCs that you have to see over and over again with no way to skip it? That one??
I read voiceless VNs before and I still find Genshin storytelling exhausting. It's the combination of being voiceless and the blank expressions and minimal movement of the characters/camera. Tbh makes sense for a mobile game that the characters aren't as expressive as in a PC/console release, but the dialogue bloat and paimon in general could be helped.
This. I am so fascinated by the lore when it's not told by Genshin . Which is very sad. But I just cannot pay attention to text that's painfully convoluted, repetitive and is written as if the player is a 3 year old. Genshin could be an incredible RPG if it focused on it's storytelling and I hate that I cannot enjoy it the way it would deserve.
It's the opposite for me lol. I end up skimming dialogues because listening to the full voice over would drag on too long.
honestly it's only gotten worse and worse with the recent quests. not only are Liloupar and Sorush annoying as hell, the haughty, fanciful, LONG STRETCHES of flowery text are a fucking pain to go through, I find myself just skipping it "It will not be long before my might may be shown, and you will all not forget what you have seen here!" shut the fuck up, I want my aranara friends back, they had more to say in less words
As much as I want to care, unvoiced stuff just makes me zone out more. Its unavoidable. It would ironically be better for people like me if the areas weren't so lore rich. Having these random names i've never seen in my life used for all of the people in the past or random tree gods is not something thats going to click with me. Even if Paimon rementions who they are 12 times, its not enough. Especially with this storyline where I held off this area since i'm sick of desert, I felt rushed to catch back up to do the event. I feel the same way. I really enjoy the lore and I want to care but half of it is names and so much filler dialogue I can’t keep anything straight. I want to pay attention to the newest desert quests but I just zone completely out because I can’t follow most of it no matter how many times Paimon repeats things. And its not like the stuff is going to be relevant lore for much of these zones 3 months after they are released. Just think of all of the lore with the Aranara. All the names and places there and what they called normal things like just the forest. If they got the love and attention they deserved all these months, i'd still remember most of it.
I feel the same way. I really enjoy the lore and I want to care but half of it is names and so much filler dialogue I can’t keep anything straight. I want to pay attention to the newest desert quests but I just zone completely out because I can’t follow most of it no matter how many times Paimon repeats things. And its not like the stuff is going to be relevant lore for much of these zones 3 months after they are released. Just think of all of the lore with the Aranara. All the names and places there and what they called normal things like just the forest. If they got the love and attention they deserved all these months, i'd still remember most of it.
And its not like the stuff is going to be relevant lore for much of these zones 3 months after they are released. Just think of all of the lore with the Aranara. All the names and places there and what they called normal things like just the forest. If they got the love and attention they deserved all these months, i'd still remember most of it.
The worst is things that end up in tutorials just after the text Long ass tirade from Paimon about how to do what followed by like 3 slides going "do this and that happens" But then in new areas you're also BOMBARDED with slides, so sometimes the information don't stick whatsoever
The writing has too much fluff. It makes it hard to discern the key words and meaning in the unnecessarily long sentences. It does get exhausting. This. I would have no problem reading everything if it wasn’t all meaningless filler. Just say what you need to say ffs Just say what you need to say ffs And stop talking in metaphors, hyperbole, and repeating the same goddamn thing over and over again. OH PAIMON GETS IT So basically people tend to speak using too many metaphors and hyperboles and most of the time will end up repeating themselves over and over again. I’m triggered now I fucking heard this comment. Have i ever told you the definition of insanity? We need a bot that randomly replies to people paraphrasing their comments like Paimon. And when something meaningful is finally said, the sort of thing that would be better left for the reader to turn in their minds, we can always count on a "Ooooh, Paimon gets it" to ruin even that Yeah, I took an indefinite break from Genshin because I couldn't handle it anymore. Too much content is locked behind these unbearably slow quests where you just zigzag back and forth and endure conversations with 300 NPCs. What makes it so torturous is that you can't just skip past the dialogue, either -- you've got to incrementally, painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times. There came a point where my wrist was starting to ache and I just thought fuuuck this and uninstalled the game If you Google "Genshin needs" you'll see that the first suggestion that comes up is "Genshin needs a skip button" But yeah, atm I'm enjoying Star Rail and it's an example of really short / sweet dialogue. The character interactions are great and the fluff levels are bearable I want to start playing Genshin again but my body gets chills whenever I think of Paimon's shrill voice and those quests painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times To make it worse, you can't even use keyboard to pick one of those totally consequential dialogue decision which means you must have your other hand on the mouse. FUCK THIS SHITTTTTT!!!! you've got to incrementally, painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times. There came a point where my wrist was starting to ache this made me laugh so much because same thing literally happened to me when I was doing quests for my 2nd account. I just said fuck this and never did quests there again and it's stuck in Sumeru until now. Not to mention I kept getting daily comms with long dialogues too that we've read 100th times already and we still can't skip lol
This. I would have no problem reading everything if it wasn’t all meaningless filler. Just say what you need to say ffs Just say what you need to say ffs And stop talking in metaphors, hyperbole, and repeating the same goddamn thing over and over again. OH PAIMON GETS IT So basically people tend to speak using too many metaphors and hyperboles and most of the time will end up repeating themselves over and over again. I’m triggered now I fucking heard this comment. Have i ever told you the definition of insanity? We need a bot that randomly replies to people paraphrasing their comments like Paimon. And when something meaningful is finally said, the sort of thing that would be better left for the reader to turn in their minds, we can always count on a "Ooooh, Paimon gets it" to ruin even that
Just say what you need to say ffs And stop talking in metaphors, hyperbole, and repeating the same goddamn thing over and over again. OH PAIMON GETS IT So basically people tend to speak using too many metaphors and hyperboles and most of the time will end up repeating themselves over and over again. I’m triggered now I fucking heard this comment. Have i ever told you the definition of insanity? We need a bot that randomly replies to people paraphrasing their comments like Paimon.
OH PAIMON GETS IT So basically people tend to speak using too many metaphors and hyperboles and most of the time will end up repeating themselves over and over again. I’m triggered now I fucking heard this comment. Have i ever told you the definition of insanity? We need a bot that randomly replies to people paraphrasing their comments like Paimon.
I’m triggered now
I fucking heard this comment.
Have i ever told you the definition of insanity?
We need a bot that randomly replies to people paraphrasing their comments like Paimon.
And when something meaningful is finally said, the sort of thing that would be better left for the reader to turn in their minds, we can always count on a "Ooooh, Paimon gets it" to ruin even that
Yeah, I took an indefinite break from Genshin because I couldn't handle it anymore. Too much content is locked behind these unbearably slow quests where you just zigzag back and forth and endure conversations with 300 NPCs. What makes it so torturous is that you can't just skip past the dialogue, either -- you've got to incrementally, painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times. There came a point where my wrist was starting to ache and I just thought fuuuck this and uninstalled the game If you Google "Genshin needs" you'll see that the first suggestion that comes up is "Genshin needs a skip button" But yeah, atm I'm enjoying Star Rail and it's an example of really short / sweet dialogue. The character interactions are great and the fluff levels are bearable I want to start playing Genshin again but my body gets chills whenever I think of Paimon's shrill voice and those quests painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times To make it worse, you can't even use keyboard to pick one of those totally consequential dialogue decision which means you must have your other hand on the mouse. FUCK THIS SHITTTTTT!!!! you've got to incrementally, painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times. There came a point where my wrist was starting to ache this made me laugh so much because same thing literally happened to me when I was doing quests for my 2nd account. I just said fuck this and never did quests there again and it's stuck in Sumeru until now. Not to mention I kept getting daily comms with long dialogues too that we've read 100th times already and we still can't skip lol
painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times To make it worse, you can't even use keyboard to pick one of those totally consequential dialogue decision which means you must have your other hand on the mouse. FUCK THIS SHITTTTTT!!!!
you've got to incrementally, painstakingly spam space bar and wait for the next line 987,654,321 times. There came a point where my wrist was starting to ache this made me laugh so much because same thing literally happened to me when I was doing quests for my 2nd account. I just said fuck this and never did quests there again and it's stuck in Sumeru until now. Not to mention I kept getting daily comms with long dialogues too that we've read 100th times already and we still can't skip lol
Exhausting is the perfect word to describe it. I'm a fast reader. The fact that I can't just quickly click through lines makes the whole affair fucking painful. Especially when you have quest segments where you'll go through dialogue, walk from point a to point b in a few seconds, then dive right back into dialogue... Rinse and repeat. This is the one aspect of the game that has consistently burned me out of playing it multiple times. Currently going on about three weeks since the last time I logged on. Star Rail is partly to blame but I was honestly just tired of Genshin's needlessly long, expository dialogue dumps. I love the game. I've played it on and off (mostly on) since launch. The characters great, the gameplay is fun and the lore is worth diving into but fuck is the questing in the game horribly paced. And what really chafes my nuts is that, outside of the the odd exchange in archon and story quests, most of the dialogue in this game adds fuck-all to the experience. It's not as if there consequences so choosing lines is pointless, and most of the time it's just a feedback loop of exposition that keeps getting hammered over and over and over again. Made worse by the unbelievably tepid interjections from Paimon that, like 99% of what you've just read, serve no function. It's just dumb bullshit to poorly extend the gameplay loop. Fuck I hate the dialogue in this game. It's legit some of the worst game design out there and I have no hope or expectation they'll ever fix or address it.
Anyone else remember having to read a whole novel describing someone losing a rock during one of zhonglis character quests. Gotta be honest that was years ago for me at this point. But i did try to to start Scara's quest recently and there's a point where they throw in some record about a bunch of ancient inazuma dudes that are long dead. There were 6 or more names but with no description of them (neither appearance nor profession) I couldn't picture any of them and got super confused on who was who and who did what by the fourth paragraph. 用户已删除评论 Yes, this!!! It's so annoying, at a point that I just read through, hoping that the name will make sense with the context. I don't remember if it's always been like that, but for me, it became quite obvious in the Enkanomiya quests When you get Liloupar's fragments and experience her memories, I just skipped it all because I couldn't focus on the text and had no idea what was happening. They really should have made cutscenes for this
Gotta be honest that was years ago for me at this point. But i did try to to start Scara's quest recently and there's a point where they throw in some record about a bunch of ancient inazuma dudes that are long dead. There were 6 or more names but with no description of them (neither appearance nor profession) I couldn't picture any of them and got super confused on who was who and who did what by the fourth paragraph. 用户已删除评论 Yes, this!!! It's so annoying, at a point that I just read through, hoping that the name will make sense with the context. I don't remember if it's always been like that, but for me, it became quite obvious in the Enkanomiya quests When you get Liloupar's fragments and experience her memories, I just skipped it all because I couldn't focus on the text and had no idea what was happening. They really should have made cutscenes for this
用户已删除评论 Yes, this!!! It's so annoying, at a point that I just read through, hoping that the name will make sense with the context. I don't remember if it's always been like that, but for me, it became quite obvious in the Enkanomiya quests When you get Liloupar's fragments and experience her memories, I just skipped it all because I couldn't focus on the text and had no idea what was happening. They really should have made cutscenes for this
Yes, this!!! It's so annoying, at a point that I just read through, hoping that the name will make sense with the context. I don't remember if it's always been like that, but for me, it became quite obvious in the Enkanomiya quests
When you get Liloupar's fragments and experience her memories, I just skipped it all because I couldn't focus on the text and had no idea what was happening. They really should have made cutscenes for this
My favorite: un-voiced plot going on for multiple minutes and dozen textboxes, only for Paimon to pull a "Paimon didn't get that, can you explain it in simpler terms again?" and an arbitrary amount of fluff following just to make that floating birdbrain understand stuff. Up to about 3.5, I have read just about everything there is, but with the introduction of Sorush and the Pari and Order Of Skeptics, I have started to read less and less. This morning, I cookie-clicker'd my way through the Sorush event - and what I saw - and didn't read - was mindboggling. A 10-line textbox. A few later, I caught Paimon asking the exact "explain again" question... I love Genshin's lore, but it's starting to get to a point where it becomes really hard to justify reading unvoiced stuff - because in many cases, you actually end up reading it twice. x.x
Yeah Genshin's writing is verbose and it's really irritating. It's as if the writers have a minimum word count they're trying to hit. They might literally have a mandated word count they need to hit. I’ve heard that sometimes gacha game localisers/translators get paid by the number of words they output rather than hours worked, so it could be a possibility here as well. I play in Chinese and it's unnecessarily long in Chinese as well. Don't think it's a translation thing, unless the English version is even longer than the Chinese version. I can’t remember the exact dialog but there’s a line where Venti’s Chinese dub just says “为什么” but the English text is like a 15 word long sentence. Gave me a good laugh. Am in the industry and this is totally true a lot of the time. However a good narrative budget will keep writers on track with their storytelling so that they’re saying what they need to say as tight and concise as possible. The less words we need to send to localization the less money it costs.
They might literally have a mandated word count they need to hit. I’ve heard that sometimes gacha game localisers/translators get paid by the number of words they output rather than hours worked, so it could be a possibility here as well. I play in Chinese and it's unnecessarily long in Chinese as well. Don't think it's a translation thing, unless the English version is even longer than the Chinese version. I can’t remember the exact dialog but there’s a line where Venti’s Chinese dub just says “为什么” but the English text is like a 15 word long sentence. Gave me a good laugh. Am in the industry and this is totally true a lot of the time. However a good narrative budget will keep writers on track with their storytelling so that they’re saying what they need to say as tight and concise as possible. The less words we need to send to localization the less money it costs.
I’ve heard that sometimes gacha game localisers/translators get paid by the number of words they output rather than hours worked, so it could be a possibility here as well. I play in Chinese and it's unnecessarily long in Chinese as well. Don't think it's a translation thing, unless the English version is even longer than the Chinese version. I can’t remember the exact dialog but there’s a line where Venti’s Chinese dub just says “为什么” but the English text is like a 15 word long sentence. Gave me a good laugh. Am in the industry and this is totally true a lot of the time. However a good narrative budget will keep writers on track with their storytelling so that they’re saying what they need to say as tight and concise as possible. The less words we need to send to localization the less money it costs.
I play in Chinese and it's unnecessarily long in Chinese as well. Don't think it's a translation thing, unless the English version is even longer than the Chinese version. I can’t remember the exact dialog but there’s a line where Venti’s Chinese dub just says “为什么” but the English text is like a 15 word long sentence. Gave me a good laugh.
I can’t remember the exact dialog but there’s a line where Venti’s Chinese dub just says “为什么” but the English text is like a 15 word long sentence. Gave me a good laugh.
Am in the industry and this is totally true a lot of the time. However a good narrative budget will keep writers on track with their storytelling so that they’re saying what they need to say as tight and concise as possible. The less words we need to send to localization the less money it costs.
This is why nowadays I don't really blame people for not knowing about some mechanics, or the story. The lines are so long for absolutely no reason and the fact that Paimon ALWAYS repeats it again. If Paimon is used so younger people will understand, why make the lines too unnecessarily long in the first place? And when Paimon isn't repeating shit, she still somehow manage to find other ways to waste your time. For example, at some point during this event Paimon would ask you "it looks like you're thinking about something" which never lead to anything because you would then be immediately interrupted. After a lengthy conversation, Paimon asks the same question again but then say "well no point talking about it, we should continue". Like jesus you know it's a useless thing to bring up then why did you ask me aabout it TWICE? Just 5 extra dialogues to read that adds absolutely nothing.
And when Paimon isn't repeating shit, she still somehow manage to find other ways to waste your time. For example, at some point during this event Paimon would ask you "it looks like you're thinking about something" which never lead to anything because you would then be immediately interrupted. After a lengthy conversation, Paimon asks the same question again but then say "well no point talking about it, we should continue". Like jesus you know it's a useless thing to bring up then why did you ask me aabout it TWICE? Just 5 extra dialogues to read that adds absolutely nothing.
Which is why I don't read event instructions, just figure it out as I go With how ultimately simple this game is meant to be, it's ironically probably saving you time that someone else might try to spend to puzzle things out from the word thicket. Add the fact that they felt the need to add several complicated terms which will not be used anywhere else and basically does nothing but complicates the instruction. Like instead of "Ubiquitous spire of shining mesmerizing greatness" just put "this turret thingy" and it'll be ten times easier to understand.
With how ultimately simple this game is meant to be, it's ironically probably saving you time that someone else might try to spend to puzzle things out from the word thicket. Add the fact that they felt the need to add several complicated terms which will not be used anywhere else and basically does nothing but complicates the instruction. Like instead of "Ubiquitous spire of shining mesmerizing greatness" just put "this turret thingy" and it'll be ten times easier to understand.
Add the fact that they felt the need to add several complicated terms which will not be used anywhere else and basically does nothing but complicates the instruction. Like instead of "Ubiquitous spire of shining mesmerizing greatness" just put "this turret thingy" and it'll be ten times easier to understand.
God, yes. This is how I feel when trying to read character skills. I just give up 80% of the time. Terrible localization. Sword Dance: unleashes a Luminous Illusion that deals Hydro DMG to opponents it touches and grants Nilou the Lunar Prayer effect. This effect converts Nilou's Normal Attacks into Sword Dance techniques, and her final hit will unleash a Luminous Illusion. It can literally be simplified to: Sword dance: Unleash a wave of hydro dmg and gives hydro infusion to Nilou's normal atk, with every third hit unleashing another wave of hydro dmg. And its not even as concise as I can make it, I just made it as sensible as 1.0 characters. I don't know wtf hapenned between 1.0 and 2.0, but they sure do love their essays now. Out of the 3 bullshit names they have in that paragraph, "Lunar Prayer" makes the least sense. Its literally just an infusion? You used that name just once?? Why did you even bother??? Its not even less work for them literally no one benefits from this verbose writing The best part is that this text doesn't even take up 1/3 of Nilou's E text. There's a reason a lot of Nilou player's don't know how to enable her passive without experimenting For those curious: Enters the Pirouette state, dealing Hydro DMG to nearby opponents based on Nilou's Max HP. While she is in the Pirouette state, Nilou's Normal Attacks and Elemental Skill will cause her to enter the Sword Dance and Whirling Steps stances respectively, causing DMG she deals to be converted to Hydro DMG that cannot be overridden and that is considered Elemental Skill DMG. In these stances, Nilou's third dance step will end Pirouette, and has the following effects: -Sword Dance: unleashes a Luminous Illusion that deals Hydro DMG to opponents it touches and grants Nilou the Lunar Prayer effect. This effect converts Nilou's Normal Attacks into Sword Dance techniques, and her final hit will unleash a Luminous Illusion. -Whirling Steps: Nilou unleashes a Whirling Water Wheel that deals AoE Hydro DMG and creates a Tranquility Aura that follows your active character around and applies Wet to opponents within its AoE. Nilou is unable to perform Charged Attacks when under the effect of Pirouette or Lunar Prayer. These effects will be removed once she leaves the field. The worst part about all of this text is that her passive is almost as long: When all characters in the party are all Dendro or Hydro, and there are at least one Dendro character and one Hydro character: The completion of the third dance step of Nilou's Dance of Haftkarsvar will grant all nearby characters the Golden Chalice's Bounty for 30s. Characters under the effect of Golden Chalice's Bounty will increase the Elemental Mastery of all nearby characters by 100 for 10s whenever they are hit by Dendro attacks. Also, triggering the Bloom reaction will create Bountiful Cores instead of Dendro Cores. Such Cores will burst very quickly after being created, and they have larger AoEs. Bountiful Cores cannot trigger Hyperbloom or Burgeon, and they share an upper numerical limit with Dendro Cores. Bountiful Core DMG is considered DMG dealt by Dendro Cores produced by Bloom. Should the party not meet the conditions for this Passive Talent, any existing Golden Chalice's Bounty effects will be canceled. I KNOW. Things like "based on max hp" shouldn't even be in the description, that's what the scaling tab is for. Genshin character talents after Raiden Shogun feels like reading a contract, especially the Sumeru ones. Its as inefficient as using a forklift to carry a hamster. 用户已删除评论
Sword Dance: unleashes a Luminous Illusion that deals Hydro DMG to opponents it touches and grants Nilou the Lunar Prayer effect. This effect converts Nilou's Normal Attacks into Sword Dance techniques, and her final hit will unleash a Luminous Illusion. It can literally be simplified to: Sword dance: Unleash a wave of hydro dmg and gives hydro infusion to Nilou's normal atk, with every third hit unleashing another wave of hydro dmg. And its not even as concise as I can make it, I just made it as sensible as 1.0 characters. I don't know wtf hapenned between 1.0 and 2.0, but they sure do love their essays now. Out of the 3 bullshit names they have in that paragraph, "Lunar Prayer" makes the least sense. Its literally just an infusion? You used that name just once?? Why did you even bother??? Its not even less work for them literally no one benefits from this verbose writing The best part is that this text doesn't even take up 1/3 of Nilou's E text. There's a reason a lot of Nilou player's don't know how to enable her passive without experimenting For those curious: Enters the Pirouette state, dealing Hydro DMG to nearby opponents based on Nilou's Max HP. While she is in the Pirouette state, Nilou's Normal Attacks and Elemental Skill will cause her to enter the Sword Dance and Whirling Steps stances respectively, causing DMG she deals to be converted to Hydro DMG that cannot be overridden and that is considered Elemental Skill DMG. In these stances, Nilou's third dance step will end Pirouette, and has the following effects: -Sword Dance: unleashes a Luminous Illusion that deals Hydro DMG to opponents it touches and grants Nilou the Lunar Prayer effect. This effect converts Nilou's Normal Attacks into Sword Dance techniques, and her final hit will unleash a Luminous Illusion. -Whirling Steps: Nilou unleashes a Whirling Water Wheel that deals AoE Hydro DMG and creates a Tranquility Aura that follows your active character around and applies Wet to opponents within its AoE. Nilou is unable to perform Charged Attacks when under the effect of Pirouette or Lunar Prayer. These effects will be removed once she leaves the field. The worst part about all of this text is that her passive is almost as long: When all characters in the party are all Dendro or Hydro, and there are at least one Dendro character and one Hydro character: The completion of the third dance step of Nilou's Dance of Haftkarsvar will grant all nearby characters the Golden Chalice's Bounty for 30s. Characters under the effect of Golden Chalice's Bounty will increase the Elemental Mastery of all nearby characters by 100 for 10s whenever they are hit by Dendro attacks. Also, triggering the Bloom reaction will create Bountiful Cores instead of Dendro Cores. Such Cores will burst very quickly after being created, and they have larger AoEs. Bountiful Cores cannot trigger Hyperbloom or Burgeon, and they share an upper numerical limit with Dendro Cores. Bountiful Core DMG is considered DMG dealt by Dendro Cores produced by Bloom. Should the party not meet the conditions for this Passive Talent, any existing Golden Chalice's Bounty effects will be canceled. I KNOW. Things like "based on max hp" shouldn't even be in the description, that's what the scaling tab is for. Genshin character talents after Raiden Shogun feels like reading a contract, especially the Sumeru ones. Its as inefficient as using a forklift to carry a hamster.
The best part is that this text doesn't even take up 1/3 of Nilou's E text. There's a reason a lot of Nilou player's don't know how to enable her passive without experimenting For those curious: Enters the Pirouette state, dealing Hydro DMG to nearby opponents based on Nilou's Max HP. While she is in the Pirouette state, Nilou's Normal Attacks and Elemental Skill will cause her to enter the Sword Dance and Whirling Steps stances respectively, causing DMG she deals to be converted to Hydro DMG that cannot be overridden and that is considered Elemental Skill DMG. In these stances, Nilou's third dance step will end Pirouette, and has the following effects: -Sword Dance: unleashes a Luminous Illusion that deals Hydro DMG to opponents it touches and grants Nilou the Lunar Prayer effect. This effect converts Nilou's Normal Attacks into Sword Dance techniques, and her final hit will unleash a Luminous Illusion. -Whirling Steps: Nilou unleashes a Whirling Water Wheel that deals AoE Hydro DMG and creates a Tranquility Aura that follows your active character around and applies Wet to opponents within its AoE. Nilou is unable to perform Charged Attacks when under the effect of Pirouette or Lunar Prayer. These effects will be removed once she leaves the field. The worst part about all of this text is that her passive is almost as long: When all characters in the party are all Dendro or Hydro, and there are at least one Dendro character and one Hydro character: The completion of the third dance step of Nilou's Dance of Haftkarsvar will grant all nearby characters the Golden Chalice's Bounty for 30s. Characters under the effect of Golden Chalice's Bounty will increase the Elemental Mastery of all nearby characters by 100 for 10s whenever they are hit by Dendro attacks. Also, triggering the Bloom reaction will create Bountiful Cores instead of Dendro Cores. Such Cores will burst very quickly after being created, and they have larger AoEs. Bountiful Cores cannot trigger Hyperbloom or Burgeon, and they share an upper numerical limit with Dendro Cores. Bountiful Core DMG is considered DMG dealt by Dendro Cores produced by Bloom. Should the party not meet the conditions for this Passive Talent, any existing Golden Chalice's Bounty effects will be canceled. I KNOW. Things like "based on max hp" shouldn't even be in the description, that's what the scaling tab is for. Genshin character talents after Raiden Shogun feels like reading a contract, especially the Sumeru ones. Its as inefficient as using a forklift to carry a hamster.
I KNOW. Things like "based on max hp" shouldn't even be in the description, that's what the scaling tab is for. Genshin character talents after Raiden Shogun feels like reading a contract, especially the Sumeru ones. Its as inefficient as using a forklift to carry a hamster.
用户已删除评论
It's what killed the game for me. Every simple conversation takes 20 years Same, I haven't played in months. I'd like to enjoy the story and characters again but it's just too much anymore. I started playing Star Rail and it's way easier to digest so far. I feel like the main story gets to the point better at least.
Same, I haven't played in months. I'd like to enjoy the story and characters again but it's just too much anymore. I started playing Star Rail and it's way easier to digest so far. I feel like the main story gets to the point better at least.
How do I get over there? Normal people answer : Sure sis, just cross that bridge over there. Genshin writers answer : Thus layeth a lone bridge beyond the horizon, built by our founder Lord Hvarasjah 20 years ago, between the Valley of Ankuantha and Khasuaje, that yours truly must cross, in order to continue your sayeth perilous journey. May you walk the path well, my dearest friend.
用户已删除评论 What annoys me so much - an issue present throughout all big Sumeru side quests - is dialogue that pops up at the bottom of the screen, often without warning and without the ability to pause it. Easily missable as well because in some cases, they even do it during combat.
What annoys me so much - an issue present throughout all big Sumeru side quests - is dialogue that pops up at the bottom of the screen, often without warning and without the ability to pause it. Easily missable as well because in some cases, they even do it during combat.
It usually happens with translated Chinese works. It's just hard to grasp the complete meaning of every logogram combination without an equivalent explanation. It's why you have children using complex words like omnipresent, opulence and stuff. That being said, assuming the JP translation is more accurate, Genshin is written like a light novel adapted into a visual novel game. IYKYK. I haven't finished the Sumeru quests, but from my experience of hearing the Chinese voiceover with the English text, I think the translators do have a partial fault. Of course, the original Chinese script does have unnecessary bloat, but I think the English version adds onto it by making it even more formal. Lots of characters speak casually in Chinese (except for high-class ones like Zhongli, Ayaka etc), but for some reason almost everyone in the English version tends to be more verbose and uses complex words. You won't see people irl using “thus”, ”therefore” and “however” in a casual dialogue, so why do characters in the English script do it? Verbose language should be for people like Zhongli or Xingqiu, who use those high-level logogram combinations more often. Kaeya's mannerisms between both languages have one of the biggest disconnections for me. He comes across as a laid-back dude who mainly talks informally in Chinese, but his lines in the English version make him out to a prim and classy guy. Then again, the storytelling itself having fluff is also the problem. A lot of Honkai Impact's dialogue felt unnecessarily bloated since they made the stories extremely long after Chatper 23. Every chapter before felt like a nice episode, but nowadays it takes hours to get through the chapter and yet the quality doesn't grow with it. It feels like I'm spending the time of a movie to go through what could be a 23 minute episode. Maybe there's something about taking word count for quality in Chinese gaming companies. Genshin's script has a problem with repearing the same thing in different ways by itself, but the verbose and complex vocabulary might be more of the fault of translations. It's been two years, and I'm still laughing at Kaeya's "THUS YOU WERE BEHIND THIS!" That has nothing to do with Genshin's writing issues. I browse the Chinese forum NGA. People there complain about some of the exact same writing issues, even using phrases like "the writers seem like they are trying fill a word count quota". Some think that is actually the case. Also, anyone who's played HSR can objectively observe how much better the writing is in that game.
I haven't finished the Sumeru quests, but from my experience of hearing the Chinese voiceover with the English text, I think the translators do have a partial fault. Of course, the original Chinese script does have unnecessary bloat, but I think the English version adds onto it by making it even more formal. Lots of characters speak casually in Chinese (except for high-class ones like Zhongli, Ayaka etc), but for some reason almost everyone in the English version tends to be more verbose and uses complex words. You won't see people irl using “thus”, ”therefore” and “however” in a casual dialogue, so why do characters in the English script do it? Verbose language should be for people like Zhongli or Xingqiu, who use those high-level logogram combinations more often. Kaeya's mannerisms between both languages have one of the biggest disconnections for me. He comes across as a laid-back dude who mainly talks informally in Chinese, but his lines in the English version make him out to a prim and classy guy. Then again, the storytelling itself having fluff is also the problem. A lot of Honkai Impact's dialogue felt unnecessarily bloated since they made the stories extremely long after Chatper 23. Every chapter before felt like a nice episode, but nowadays it takes hours to get through the chapter and yet the quality doesn't grow with it. It feels like I'm spending the time of a movie to go through what could be a 23 minute episode. Maybe there's something about taking word count for quality in Chinese gaming companies. Genshin's script has a problem with repearing the same thing in different ways by itself, but the verbose and complex vocabulary might be more of the fault of translations. It's been two years, and I'm still laughing at Kaeya's "THUS YOU WERE BEHIND THIS!"
It's been two years, and I'm still laughing at Kaeya's "THUS YOU WERE BEHIND THIS!"
That has nothing to do with Genshin's writing issues. I browse the Chinese forum NGA. People there complain about some of the exact same writing issues, even using phrases like "the writers seem like they are trying fill a word count quota". Some think that is actually the case. Also, anyone who's played HSR can objectively observe how much better the writing is in that game.
The filler has gotten insanely bad lately, Parade in particular felt like hours of word vomit. You see two people talking, Paimon goes "OH, look! Those two people are talking over there!" Yeah, like I can't see that (/s), and it just goes on and on. I appreciate that the quest was voiced, but it just drags on and on and on. Let us play the game instead of just talking. How about having more of the dialogue go on DURING some kind of gameplay instead of having to listen to it for some 30+ minute chunks?
People on this sub are willing to throw rocks and rotten eggs at any one showed that they didn't read everything in the game throughoutly. Stuff like Genshin player reading challenge jokes. What many people don't realize that the explaination and dialogues in this game are mostly unecessary long and even hard to understand. Especially game tutorials. We are introduced to new terminologies, new names, new mechanics EVERY PATCH and it's hard to keep track and memorise it all. Even when you are a careful reader, I bet there are still moments you wondered your self "what's that word means? I think I read that before but can't quite remember". Yep. And it gets increasingly more often the longer you play the game. Genshin is a vast beautiful world that gets updated very frequently and I love it, don't get me wrong. But I think it's time for the developers to look for way to simplify stuff. Make it more intuative and memorable. Especially with limited-time events. Yes, I can read, yes, I can spend more time trying to learn more new rules for an event that only lasts for a week. But at some point it starts becoming a chore more than enjoying my relaxing time I should have in a video game. Before desert, I would carefully read and understand everything, from mechanics to terminologies. But Aranara quest was the last time I did that. The new desert stuff with Sorush was so hard to keep up with. It felt like a new word was being invented with every encounter. Exactly the same with me. I used to read everything but then somewhere during the Sumeru desert, I just kinda... stopped doing it.  Fravashi, Khvarena, Sunyata, Amrita, Nirodha, Trishirite... the list goes on and on. I gave up with all the new words spread across just the desert. Literally can't even type these down correctly without a dictionary... I used to memorize every thing on Mondstadt and Liyue but now with Sumeru I just google it, get the whatever I needed to do done and forget about it the next patch. Sorush was pain. I logged off for the day, 15mins into that quest. So many new words, half of which were used to describe something we already had a name for. Which is really cool and appropriate lorewise. But man, give them those supertitles (idk what to call them, the subtitles above the words) for the words we already use. There was one point during a sumeru quest, I can't remember if it's an event or not, where I was just spam clicking for about 3 minutes. It's disgusting and isn't getting any better. The whole desert is like this for me. I'm ignorant of the culture it's based upon and I have a hard time even reading or pronouncing the names and places Add this to the writing, where the meaning is lost in the fluff, and more often than not I can't remember who did what and it gets frustrating real fast... I don't even try understanding tutorial explanations anymore. They usually have very intuitive minigames with only one or two possible actions for the player and yet their explanations are super long and confusing. For me, I understand the word, but sometimes their wording just makes me confuses and I have to focus my brain trying to think what's it's trying to say.
Before desert, I would carefully read and understand everything, from mechanics to terminologies. But Aranara quest was the last time I did that. The new desert stuff with Sorush was so hard to keep up with. It felt like a new word was being invented with every encounter. Exactly the same with me. I used to read everything but then somewhere during the Sumeru desert, I just kinda... stopped doing it.  Fravashi, Khvarena, Sunyata, Amrita, Nirodha, Trishirite... the list goes on and on. I gave up with all the new words spread across just the desert. Literally can't even type these down correctly without a dictionary... I used to memorize every thing on Mondstadt and Liyue but now with Sumeru I just google it, get the whatever I needed to do done and forget about it the next patch. Sorush was pain. I logged off for the day, 15mins into that quest. So many new words, half of which were used to describe something we already had a name for. Which is really cool and appropriate lorewise. But man, give them those supertitles (idk what to call them, the subtitles above the words) for the words we already use. There was one point during a sumeru quest, I can't remember if it's an event or not, where I was just spam clicking for about 3 minutes. It's disgusting and isn't getting any better.
Exactly the same with me. I used to read everything but then somewhere during the Sumeru desert, I just kinda... stopped doing it.  Fravashi, Khvarena, Sunyata, Amrita, Nirodha, Trishirite... the list goes on and on. I gave up with all the new words spread across just the desert. Literally can't even type these down correctly without a dictionary... I used to memorize every thing on Mondstadt and Liyue but now with Sumeru I just google it, get the whatever I needed to do done and forget about it the next patch.
Sorush was pain. I logged off for the day, 15mins into that quest. So many new words, half of which were used to describe something we already had a name for. Which is really cool and appropriate lorewise. But man, give them those supertitles (idk what to call them, the subtitles above the words) for the words we already use.
There was one point during a sumeru quest, I can't remember if it's an event or not, where I was just spam clicking for about 3 minutes. It's disgusting and isn't getting any better.
The whole desert is like this for me. I'm ignorant of the culture it's based upon and I have a hard time even reading or pronouncing the names and places Add this to the writing, where the meaning is lost in the fluff, and more often than not I can't remember who did what and it gets frustrating real fast...
I don't even try understanding tutorial explanations anymore. They usually have very intuitive minigames with only one or two possible actions for the player and yet their explanations are super long and confusing.
For me, I understand the word, but sometimes their wording just makes me confuses and I have to focus my brain trying to think what's it's trying to say.
I've found myself skimming unvoiced dialogue more and more as the game progresses. Sometimes characters just repeat themselves way too much, or give obscure lore that should be in a book in your inventory, not fully outlined to the player in the middle of a world quest. Voiced quests are way more manageable, not just because they're (obviously) performed for you, but they are written in a way that's more colloquial and comfortable to read for the voice actors. World quest dialogue should be treated the same way, but it's unfortunately not. Really I feel that it's more noticable when voiced beacuse you can really feel the VAs struggling to deliver their verbose nonsense in a engaging in character way but they get audibly tired whenever wordy exposition come up I'll even say that as time goes on, this problem seems to be getting worse. I do not remember having this problem much if at all in 1.X, but as of 3.X I'm seeing it in everything.
Really I feel that it's more noticable when voiced beacuse you can really feel the VAs struggling to deliver their verbose nonsense in a engaging in character way but they get audibly tired whenever wordy exposition come up
I'll even say that as time goes on, this problem seems to be getting worse. I do not remember having this problem much if at all in 1.X, but as of 3.X I'm seeing it in everything.
It has the hallmarks of poor localization. It's translated, still gets the original meaning across, but literally translating e.g. Chinese or Japanese into English never results in conversational English. You're either missing a bunch of sentence structure and grammar, or you have way too much. Notices like this in Japanese games, for example, are usually quite formally written in terms of wording and structure. Translating that straight into English easily makes it wordy and overly formal. I disagree, rather this writing style is a deliberate choice in my opinion. Honkai star rail has writing that is much more modern and toned down to our generation’s style of communication. Genshin is always pushing to maintain this fantasy narrative, to the point that they would even say “sorush” will receive a hint in order not to break the fourth wall as much as possible. Some people don’t like it, and yea it can be tiring at times, but I certainly think it would detract something from the game I’d everything started being more plainly written.
I disagree, rather this writing style is a deliberate choice in my opinion. Honkai star rail has writing that is much more modern and toned down to our generation’s style of communication. Genshin is always pushing to maintain this fantasy narrative, to the point that they would even say “sorush” will receive a hint in order not to break the fourth wall as much as possible. Some people don’t like it, and yea it can be tiring at times, but I certainly think it would detract something from the game I’d everything started being more plainly written.
True. I think maybe this text is written by the developer who just translates the code to English instead of considering the user perspective. You can see the steps in the code logic here. Whereas for your simplified explanation, it’s clear and concise and does not have a step 1,2,3,… Yes, this is probably a translation thing from Chinese to English. Like there are lesser characters used in Chinese and sometimes has no direct translation to English that at times, the English version tend to be longer. There's also the matter of things being lost in translation from what was intended if translated plainly, losing nuances and stuff. That's why ENG version tend to be longer, I think.
Yes, this is probably a translation thing from Chinese to English. Like there are lesser characters used in Chinese and sometimes has no direct translation to English that at times, the English version tend to be longer. There's also the matter of things being lost in translation from what was intended if translated plainly, losing nuances and stuff. That's why ENG version tend to be longer, I think.
We deserve more than 420 primogems for going along with this slog event. I waited until the last day and fuckkkkk this is absolute torture.  I’m clicking as fast as I can and I feel like this is gonna take up my whole day for some stupid quest. They should be ashamed for this.  Players are not enjoying this.
I waited until the last day and fuckkkkk this is absolute torture.  I’m clicking as fast as I can and I feel like this is gonna take up my whole day for some stupid quest. They should be ashamed for this.  Players are not enjoying this.
Yeah, although I read most of the dialogue in Star Rail I constantly skip past it in Genshin I can't tell if it's just because it's new or because it's actually less wordy, but its dialogue feels like it gets the point across snappier. When it doesn't, it's usually either big lore dumps or intentionally funny writing (the closet, trash cans...). I'm on the opposite boat because Star Rail is modern in terms of dialogue. I don't need to read everything to understand the gist of what's being said. Whereas Genshin's, I feel the need to properly read through everything, so I understand it all properly because they use a lot of descriptions.
I can't tell if it's just because it's new or because it's actually less wordy, but its dialogue feels like it gets the point across snappier. When it doesn't, it's usually either big lore dumps or intentionally funny writing (the closet, trash cans...).
I'm on the opposite boat because Star Rail is modern in terms of dialogue. I don't need to read everything to understand the gist of what's being said. Whereas Genshin's, I feel the need to properly read through everything, so I understand it all properly because they use a lot of descriptions.
yeah they really are purposely trying to be super colorful and overly descriptive of things. its reflected in the chinese dubs as well, no one is gonna speak all those flowery words irl, just get to the point man wtf Yeap what can the English team do when Mihoyo is also strict with localization? So what EN players get is a hodge podge of direct translations of an already verbose original text, language more formal than a scientific paper, hard-to-translate Chinese concepts, Paimon's cringe 'Power of Friendship' way of cheering up depressed characters, topped with her repetition and worthless comments. Utterly exhausting.
Yeap what can the English team do when Mihoyo is also strict with localization? So what EN players get is a hodge podge of direct translations of an already verbose original text, language more formal than a scientific paper, hard-to-translate Chinese concepts, Paimon's cringe 'Power of Friendship' way of cheering up depressed characters, topped with her repetition and worthless comments. Utterly exhausting.
It's half the reason I quit. The other reason being that I was throwing away way too much money on it. But yeah the amount of dialogue is asinine. Simply too much when I have other games to play or things to do. And once you quit it's pointless to even try to come back because you will inevitably be behind by hours upon hours and have to slog through quest A and B to even start quest C and so on. Absolutely terrible design. For me it was this and the endgame not being challenging at all. Havent had to swap my teams in over a year
For me it was this and the endgame not being challenging at all. Havent had to swap my teams in over a year
I agree completely. However I would split the problem in two. First, there's the unnecessarily dense tutorials and in-game descriptions full of flowery, meaningless names for things that could be easily stated in plain english (see talents or weapon passives) like the example in your post. And second, there's the actual story dialog which reads like hoyo got the old "brevity is the soul of wit" aphorism ass-backwards. Both are a real issue. Honestly, thinking about this always makes me wish genshin was a traditional single-player game that would allow community modding (like skyrim or minecraft) so someone could put together a "genshin abridged" (a la dragon ball z) that cut way down on the wasted space and time and maybe added a little more biting humor to the mix. (...although maaaybe bloated paragraphs of text aren't the way to convince people of this? oh well  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  ) No, you're absolutely right. The issue isn't the length of the text, but rather how indirect and vacuous it is. I wish genshin talents just used standardized names like the card games i play, like "mark" for character specific status effects on enemies. It gets super annoying going back and forth to check the effects of this or that
No, you're absolutely right. The issue isn't the length of the text, but rather how indirect and vacuous it is.
I wish genshin talents just used standardized names like the card games i play, like "mark" for character specific status effects on enemies. It gets super annoying going back and forth to check the effects of this or that
Quite frankly I'm getting a bit burnt out. I can't even do the current events because I have so many old quests etc to get through and my play time is limited. This is the real "player anxiety" MHY!
Agreed. Smtimes I have to read more times than necessary cause they like to name everything, not even in dialogue, it's everywhere 😂 Now I skip all the tutorials and just figure it out as i go.
I hope they add a "log" feature during quest to check the previous dialogues just like in other games. The text dump is just too much at times that it's easy to space out and not follow what's going on. The wall of texts in sumeru quests is pushing me to the edge and now they really locked an event behind a world quest so long, I might just skip everything then. The Archive has a log. I don't think it has event dialogue, but it has all permanent content you've covered.
The Archive has a log. I don't think it has event dialogue, but it has all permanent content you've covered.
Yea after some time I lost interest in the Sorush world quest story. Afaik it’s sorush needs to cleanse corruption in the sky, she needs chaplet helmet to do it, we do trials and get betrayed by order of skeptic guy, we get chaplet and sorush clears corruption. Feels very rinse and repeat of the Lady Babel stuff previous patch but if I missed an interesting lore piece lmk. HSR having engaging characters + text has made me less patient of dragging text in Genshin. The only actual cool thing was the random gigantic Khanreia looking door that was between all of that I felt the same with the Sorush stuff too. I started off trying to read through everything, but then the whole thing started to feel like too much and then I was just blitzing through the text looking for key words instead. The current event with Sorush just felt like a boringly long repeat of everything I'd skipped/skimmed through, so I didn't bother reading any of it because it just felt so unnecessary.
I felt the same with the Sorush stuff too. I started off trying to read through everything, but then the whole thing started to feel like too much and then I was just blitzing through the text looking for key words instead. The current event with Sorush just felt like a boringly long repeat of everything I'd skipped/skimmed through, so I didn't bother reading any of it because it just felt so unnecessary.
This is the main reason I drifted away from Genshin last year, and have been doing so since 3.5 The problem isn't dialogue itself, but the absolutely unnecessary LOADS of dialogue we get and the absence of a "skip" button. It doesn't help that many event questlines have upwards of 15 min+ of dialogue ALONE. And it's slow, and it's low effort. ONE big cutscene per event has been the norm for a while now, and while they're mostly great to watch, the tons of button presses to skip boring banter is annoying as fuck.
I've been telling mihoyo to slim down the dialogs since the inazuma. I keep telling them whenever the survey ask suggestions. But they ignore it, instead they makr the wall of text just in spite. It really annoying and useless. They can slim it down into few lines. But they decided to make an essay.
You guys are still reading? I stopped caring about most of genshins writing a long time ago. Archon quests and maybe some choice few event or character quests are the only things I'm not mashing my way through, barely skimming to get the gist of it Like, what was the new areas story about? Something about a simurgh? I didn't see any nigh-unkillable marble-angels with far-reaching master plans, but maybe I just wasn't paying attention.
I never skiped any text in this game, until this event, so much text talking about things i already know, i just skiped really, sorry =/
It is why i pretty much quit the game
I can't even bring myself to finish Sumeru world quests anymore. I always get fatigued in the middle or my attention just flies away to elsewhere. Also doesn't help that my phone is crap so I can only play on pc while sitting for hours.
If you want a realization that tight writing is the actual way you keep interest, try HSR. It's not the best writing, but it's actually so immensely better that it will probably apparent. You will find yourself willingly reading the dialogue of a literal trash can and it's fine. Meanwhile, engaging with actual main characters in genshin is a slog. Genshin needs an editor for one. There is simply too much. Always too much. Paimon will ALWAYS repeat what is said. Recall this last event. "We should knock on the door" (you knock) "nobody answered the door!” (eventually Kaveh comes to the door) "Kaveh we didn't think anyone was home when nobody answered the door." Once inside the house, Kaveh gives you a document. No matter what, once you exit the document, Paimon then summarizes the document you just read or tried to skip because you didn't care. You are always forces to engage every single thing at least twice. Additionally, genshin writing is just not interesting. It's heavily "anime" for lack of a better word. Generally awkward and stiff dialogue, heavily thesaurusized, full of jargon. It's pretty much never actually funny. They need some HSR writers to revamp genshin writing, badly. I just finished this event today on last day. The MVP for me was in epilogue we need to ask Dori for some information then go to this random NPC in Aaru Village 2 km apart. Then back to Dori to ask more information (of what I don't care anymore at this point). Then go again to other random NPC in again Aaru Village (why?? who are even this people and what are they even saying). And I was actually having fun event before with everyone from Sumeru cast, but the story delivery definitely needs more improvement, and definitely not running back and forth between point A to B many times.
I just finished this event today on last day. The MVP for me was in epilogue we need to ask Dori for some information then go to this random NPC in Aaru Village 2 km apart. Then back to Dori to ask more information (of what I don't care anymore at this point). Then go again to other random NPC in again Aaru Village (why?? who are even this people and what are they even saying). And I was actually having fun event before with everyone from Sumeru cast, but the story delivery definitely needs more improvement, and definitely not running back and forth between point A to B many times.
One of the first times I truly felt this issue was when we first meet Yanfei (leading up to unlocking the Serenitea Pot) - The ENTIRE quest we contribute literally nothing, and just follow yanfei around town repeatedly as she sifts through dialogue with random NPCs we don't care about.
Personally I would abolutely love a skip button. The dialogue is what keeps me away from continue questing since Raiden Release. I know that some people did some hard work for those story text, but the people who were in charge for a enjoyable reading experience probably skipped work all day. You can have the most exciting story text, if you force me to wait 5 seconds before I can click to the next textbox everytime I instantly loose interest in reading. Nowdays for me genshin is 10% fight, 20% running from far point A to point B and 70% waiting time while hammering spacebar. couldn't agree more, every events now just 3 hours long with only 10% if it is we're doing actual fun gameplay, and 90% waste of time with wall of text. which it should be the other way around.
couldn't agree more, every events now just 3 hours long with only 10% if it is we're doing actual fun gameplay, and 90% waste of time with wall of text. which it should be the other way around.
also i feel like there's waaaaaayyyy too many specific names given to things that couldve been simplified. Reading the talents page of any characters is straight up a chore sometimes. Nights of Formal Focus Puts forth a shield known as the Curtain of Slumber, dealing AoE Cryo DMG. The Curtain of Slumber's DMG Absorption is based on Layla's Max HP and absorbs Cryo DMG with 250% effectiveness. When the shield is deployed, Layla will have Cryo applied to her briefly. Night Stars and Shooting Stars While the Curtain of Slumber is active, it will create 1 Night Star that will be attached to it every 1.5s. When a character protected by this shield uses an Elemental Skill, 2 Night Stars will be created. Night Stars can be created once every 0.3s in this way. A maximum of 4 Night Stars can be accumulated at any one time. Once the Curtain of Slumber has accumulated 4 Night Stars and there are opponents nearby, these Night Stars will transform into homing Shooting Stars that will be fired off in sequence, dealing Cryo DMG to any opponents hit. If the Curtain of Slumber's duration ends or it is destroyed, the Night Stars will disappear. If they are already being fired off as Shooting Stars, these Shooting Stars will last until this wave of shots ends. New Night Stars cannot be created until the previous wave of Shooting Stars has been fired completely. So layla's skill named Nights of Formal Focus generates a shield named Curtain of Slumber that creates Night Stars . 4 Night Stars turn into homing Shooting Stars . In one talent description theres 4 thingies all with their own name Yeah the multiple names need to go. It's not needed, doesn't add anything to the game itself. They can explain the effect, it doesn't need confusing names. Hsr has this issue as well for some characters. It's terrible design unless you NEED to know what each technique is named
Yeah the multiple names need to go. It's not needed, doesn't add anything to the game itself. They can explain the effect, it doesn't need confusing names. Hsr has this issue as well for some characters. It's terrible design unless you NEED to know what each technique is named
Aranara quest with all the names to try to reczll and stuff. Nightmare fuel for someone like me..
I'm surprised this thread got so much positive feedback; I remember an old post who got lots of award for saying the same thing, but nowadays a lot of people will dismiss you opinion with "welL, MaYbe yOu caN't rEad". Bro f### you, it's clear genshin is a bloated mess. Imagine what will the game be at the 6th-7th nation. Instead of having a huge open world with little but cohesive story (and written lore in item descriptions if you desire to read it), we'll have a never ending amount of text. Imagine new players learning they'll have to throw away tens of hours just for the hangouts...
I force myself to read all of the dialogues for important/interesting events, story, archon, and important world quests, but it gets so boring. I had to skip through so much dialogue in the new Sorush event, and I could see how much it would have been to read. I have no idea what the hell they were talking about, but I couldn't care less.
belive it or no, this is the reason I quit. The game mechanics are amazing and kept me playing for 2+ years, however I got tired of the sheer amount of dialogue with random NPC that in the end don’t even matter. Everytime an update hits instead of thinking about the cool new things, I just think about the amount of dialogue that I have to get through just to play the game.
Agreed, whole heartedly.  Then to make matters worse, there are dialogues and such that happen during battles for unvoiced world quests.  Do I concentrate on making sense of the text and stop fighting?  Or do I fight and the text slips past my braincells never to be recalled again?
Starting the last event, the amount of text litterally had me yelling at the screen: "Will you just get on with it!" So much text, so much unnecessary text, i feel bad skipping, but it's just too much
I've been playing Genshin since patch 1.0 and I've always enjoyed reading through all the quest dialogues without skipping. However, the recent patches, starting from Inazuma, have made it really difficult to follow the stories and lore because the dialogues are too long, causing me to lose focus midway. It's frustrating because one of the reasons I play Genshin is for its world-building and storytelling, but now I find myself skipping everything. I hope they will consider reverting to the dialogue length and storytelling style of the Monstadt era.
The dialogue itself is probably fine... in CN. The problem is when it gets translated to EN it becomes too wordy. Just like other people here said that the EN being too verbose is the unfortunate result of translating CN to EN. And then you have people who keep sending feedbacks to MiHoYo "improve the dialogue/writing" when in reality it's actually the localization/translation which is the problem. Historically, any time people complain about dialogue/voice acting is some game, and some people pretentiously jump to proclaim that "its akshually fine in the original language", nearly always people speaking the actual language say its also awful that way too... I think atomic hearts was a particularly recent example.
Historically, any time people complain about dialogue/voice acting is some game, and some people pretentiously jump to proclaim that "its akshually fine in the original language", nearly always people speaking the actual language say its also awful that way too... I think atomic hearts was a particularly recent example.
I've been playing since launch, and I've been on and off with the story. I'll enjoy it for a little bit, but most of the time it's just so tedious with all the fluff text, and then you have Paimon repeating exactly what we just read. I think the story would be more engaging if the "MC" speaks for themselves. I don't understand why they even voiced the character if all they do mostly is grunt and once in a blue moon say a line. Most of the time now I just skip the dialogue. It just drags out even for the most simple things.
Every time I watch the lorists on YouTube, half the time I'm saying "What?! When did they say THAT?!" True, a lot of the lore is hidden away and buried in books and object descriptions, but a lot of the dialogue is just so insanely redundant and circular that it's just hard to grab everything real time! Also, for Mondstadt and Liyue the dialogue felt much more accessible, but Inazuma and Sumeru have all of these huge words and names that are completely unrelatable to me and you're forced to either memorize or associate.  Just think back to the Sacred Sakura Cleansing and the Aranara Quests - the linguistic gymnastics were just daunting...
Add in no skip dialogue and it’s just awful No story is good enough to force me to read it, and genshin is no different
It is honestly my biggest complaint about genshin and why I am hesitant to start quests or event. Is it so hard to not have bad dialog and reduce the amount of it? What can be said in 2 sentences is streched to 10 and makes things extremely tedious and boring. The sad part is some quests actually have really good dialog so it is possible but others quest are trying to reduce my patience HP bar to zero
Thats why I stopped playing. Doing quests feels like a chore with all the annoying dialogue
Well, people have complained about this for a while now, although people are always saying it's because of a localization issue so they have to keep the same amount of lines
100% agree
I always skip them, this game is easy, you don't need to read them at all to play through anything
I was doing the new story with 3.6 for the new event(did some of it too) and I had the same thought. They kept going on and on and its like why? It feels like nothing but bloat to stretch out these empty events/quest lines. Why use 2-3 paragraphs when they can use 10-20 and stretch out the "content". Honestly though? Hoyo makes enough money that every quest should be voice acted. Having major quests be completely silent is immersion killing. Its so hard to get into quests when nothing is ever spoken.
Yeah, it can be really unnecessarily wordy and....elaborate even when the situation doesn't call for it. But in my case, I tend to immerse myself in the setting of the world so people being verbose became something like a Teyvat cultural thing to me. What's kinda annoying is that some aspects really break my immersion, and by some I mean one thing in particular - the NPC children talking like middle-aged people. So it doesn't bother me for the most part, but that's just my preference (and I tend to love the harder puzzles and no-endgame state of Genshin so yeah, just some random internet stranger's opinion here). *EN is not my first language, and as you can see, I also tend to be very verbose when writing in English.
We need a skip button to skip all the dialogue
Also the fact that every line is said twice. Once when the character talking says it, and again when Paimon repeats it with a "So you're telling me..." or a "You mean..."
Honestly, the entire sheer mass of "useless" dialogue this game has to offer, is a problem in it's own. Probably getting downvoted for this oppinion, but I'm not even joking when I'm saying that I'm scared of returning back to the game, simply because of all the stuff that I've missed, which I'll have to suffer going through, to finally get to the part which exited me to load this game back up again in the first place. Don't know if it improved or not, but couldn't care less about NPC#384's life story and how we're fixing his problem when it won't come up, or be relevant, ever again. I mean, I'm feeling sorry for everyone who had the missfortune, participating in the first lunar new year event as well. Probably the big starting point which made me grew sick and tired of all the non voiced dialogue in this game.
I'm only asking for a skip button. If they are not gonna change the overcomplicated wording, at least let me skip the dialogue from a commission that I've done over a hundred times.
All of this would be solved if they just... added an immediate skip dialog button. Yes, that would negate 90% of the content runtime for patches like the current one, but it's fine by me. This would make it so much easier to get the event primos, or get the gadgets that are mandatory for many of the world puzzles, and many less people would feel burnt out by now.
I'll say I had to  use the auto advance tool in the new event with the flying pet things. I just couldn't handle it anymore. I want an option to adjust the speed of the text. I read at 80 words a minute minimum and I can't deal with how slow they show the text and make you sit there before you can progress the text.
No joke, I had more fun and enjoyed my time reading the original Tsukihime, a VN with no voice acting, like 5 or 6 songs in total and the character sprites have like 4 variations at most so they aren't even that expressive, than playing through 99% of Genshin's story. And reminder that Tsukihime is over 40 hours long, has 5 routes and like the first third of each route is exactly the same thing (and it's not about the stories themselves btw, it's the issue presented here, the writing). Edit: A more modern and fitting example is FGO, each new story chapter is longer than the previous one yet it doesn't feel that way and is enjoyable despite also not being voiced at all (obviously just the VN story scenes) and recycling the same forest, beach etc etc backgrounds and the character sprites having three different facial expressions with no below neck movement. Though the issue with that game is that sometimes combat sections get too boring or unnecessary + some stupid stuff that could have been avoided but the writers decided to go with to increase the length (though it more or less doesn't exist anymore, it's an issue with the earlier chapters).
At the very least it is only confined to side quests and isn’t as bad as Arknights. Arknights can never use 1 word to explain something when they could use 10 instead
Yea, it doesn't help my short attention span.
Oh I played this game before. I remember taking character kits, like Raiden, and seeing how many words I can cut and still keep it clear how her abilities work. Turns out like 70-80% is just junk. Yeah, genshin writers and translators are horrible and shouldn't have a job in this field.
When the teacher asks for a 50 word essay. It guess it got ingrained into the writer.
i am pretty much skipping all dialogue except for Archon quest and events that are interesting to me.
Tbf, this one is pretty easy to understand
Ok, i can understand the issue if it's with instructions. Otherwise it's just worldbuilding and if i don't understand something i just see it as "i'm not supposed to understand because i'm foreign in this world" and piece it together with context clues later.
I don't read the dialogue in the perspective of me reading, instead I read it in travellers perspective. It makes things easier to understand.
Maybe for people like you with the level of reading comprehension of a 6yo
i get the point, tho the image provided is a bad example, it’s simple and easy to understand
This + never ending horrendous artifact grind is why i think most people quit.
Skip skip skip everything, the dialogue in this game has a lot of fluff.
I skipped all the dialogue so much that I was utterly confused when they asked me if I could help find their weasel or whatever.
Hard agree. I feel like they've been trying to make it more and more complex as well with all of the random proper names they give everything.
For real, for real. Its just, I wish the dialogues were a bit more snappy and less of a bore. I’m fine with long instructions, but my god, the dialogues are just 🥱🥱
While I was doing Enkanomiya I was about to fight the dragons down bellow but the guy at the Helios kept talking and talking and talking. I'm a lore player, but WHY was he talking so much?? 😭 There was no reason to talk so much man... They all feel like Fischl in disguise 😕
Ive just completely stopped reading anything at all in this game. Go full auto on the skip button and don't look back. None of it is worth 2 seconds of your time.
thats why I literally never read those tutorials, I think subconsciously the amount of text scares me so I just end up figuring it out by myself anyway
I can't explain my joy when I found out that this new gaming mouse I bought had a double click button which I can just hold and the dialogue gets by quickly without having to hurt my fingers and wrist. Now I even make it simpler by just simply putting a rubber band so I can let go off the mouse and watch some videos or something.
This isn't a game description, this is a gameplay flow being described to the rest of the team by their designers. It is exactly how we would do it in my team; make sure to describe everything from start to finish. You dont need to know the timer starts when the event starts, that's obvious. But programmers do need to know do they know there even is a timer that counts down directly from the start. Ar this point I'm surprised they didn't keep the description of where on the screen the hint is coming from and for how long it wi stay on the screen.
I also think the font is a huge culprit in this, the curves going inward and outward and bulges at the ends, it all makes reading feel like a hassle.
honestly there are so many words, I just glance at some, and instantly understand whats going on, there is no need for 5000 lines of dialogue for a filler event
I stopped playing genshin, and this is one of the reasons why. I just couldn't get through all the dialogue, the hundreds of character quests and side quests that needed to be done in order to continue the archeon quest. I love the different characters and I did explore Sumeru when it came oht, but I did it only fo the scenery and to pull characters which I wanted because they aestetically really pretty or so. Idk it's just not the same as it was in the beginning🤷🏻‍♀️
For the first 2 years I tried to read everything and read all the Aranara stuff but after that, when it got to the Pari garbage... skip, skip, skip, skip. So tired of the meaningless, endless dialogue of complete nothing and the fact it takes 5 YEARS to go through a dialogue scene. Why can't I just skip it? I dont care anymore. The pari arent interesting. So much time is just wasted mashing the dialogue button to which it demands you take 10 seconds on every single line. Ridiculous. Make it interesting, shorten it down to how normal people communicate. Stop wasting everyone's time
It's like when your write unnecessary details to meet the word count on an Esssay.
I almost never pay attention to non-main-quest  dialogues, sometime i just "click-click-click" my mouse to skip them, or just leave it on autoplay while doing something else.
I don't even know why I still play. I thought the main story was cool the first day until I 1. Realized I couldn't skip through as quickly as I wanted and 2. Everything was overdone. I have no clue who half the characters are, what is even going on (like wasn't the entire point to find the sibling? And then they did but not really?), or the purpose of much of anything. So yes, I agree--the text is exhausting and I wish I could press enter and cut through everything to just kill some hillichurls or something.
I agree. While the story is cool, the way they tell the story sucks. Not only is it inefficient, it's also oddly awkward. Hope they'll keep improving on this part
To add to this, I think the in game lore/books/stories and notes need a serious overhaul. The current white text over the somewhat opaque darkened background feels terrible to read on. Maybe its ok on mobile, but for pc and console players I suspect they might find it some what jarring and boring to pour through, which is a shame because there are some genuinely interesting stories. Maybe if they added a pseudo paper, or page/book imagery in the background to "tighten" the text a little it will help make all the text more palatable?
I agree. And it's only getting worse. I remember being so excited to play quests and now I will leave them for months. I JUST finished Dehyas and I have pretty much every 4*'s quest to do.
I'm not familiar with the cultures the rainforest and desert are based on, but I am excited to learn. What drives me nuts is Paimon's insistence on complaining that every character name, rite, ritual, and location is too long or difficult to remember. It feels disrespectful and unpleasant and does not actually help me absorb the lore at all.
I’ve been saying it for a while, Genshin need editors. So far Starrail has mostly avoided overly clunky writing, but I’m not holding my breath for that to last beyond the introductory stories.
This beyond pisses me off especially ever since I gave birth about 9 months ago. I have no idea what the hell the story is even about is any event because I have such little time and no sleep that I barely have time to read an entire backstory to something so insignificant. And people get pissed when I don’t. I’d LOVE to, but I can’t actually grind ANYTHING with all the dialogue. This event I just could not finish, the entire beginning was sooooo long, took me a whole day just to get through it with how busy being with a baby is.
Yes, it's the same in Spanish. I learned words I didn't knew existed at all from playing this f gaming.
I wish there was an option for gameply tutorials to just not show up as I never read those and playing through it is intutive enough. They also need to add a dialogue skip option ffs, it's been more than 2 years
I don't read them I just figure it out as I play the event
