================================================================================  评论列表:
Don't forget the mesmerizing vocals track me And the beats The beats are catchy af And the neck What is he singing out of? His neck hole? His butt hole Without the throat and the mouth in the way, the voice can come straight from the lungs.
And the beats The beats are catchy af And the neck What is he singing out of? His neck hole? His butt hole
The beats are catchy af
And the neck What is he singing out of? His neck hole? His butt hole
What is he singing out of? His neck hole? His butt hole
His butt hole
Without the throat and the mouth in the way, the voice can come straight from the lungs.
Those damn rats shot us full of arrows. At the cutscene: ain't no way I'd let archers shoot me this much. This game is downplaying my skills. Later: Okay, I can see how one could end up like that. “Oh hell naw you did not just use the lack of a jump button against me!” Seriously it’s like they were picking on a disabled kid. Funny enough, I only just discovered you can jump in act 4. For pc it's the ctrl key You are kidding! I must try this now. EDIT: you were right, holy shit thanks! This is literally game changing, I've missed out on all the combo possibilities. Yeah my reaction upon the discovery was pretty much "You've gotta be fuckin kidding me, this would've been so clutch in act 2" Edit: oh yeah, as a bonus you can double jump by rmb during a Ctrl jump. And the rats got me again crossing a bridge and there was like 10 on a building. I just saw a bunch of arrows coming. Felt like Leonidas for 1 sec I love that the rats act like rat in this game, they team up and harass the shit out of u DELIGHTFUL hahaha! how delightful 🤬
At the cutscene: ain't no way I'd let archers shoot me this much. This game is downplaying my skills. Later: Okay, I can see how one could end up like that. “Oh hell naw you did not just use the lack of a jump button against me!” Seriously it’s like they were picking on a disabled kid. Funny enough, I only just discovered you can jump in act 4. For pc it's the ctrl key You are kidding! I must try this now. EDIT: you were right, holy shit thanks! This is literally game changing, I've missed out on all the combo possibilities. Yeah my reaction upon the discovery was pretty much "You've gotta be fuckin kidding me, this would've been so clutch in act 2" Edit: oh yeah, as a bonus you can double jump by rmb during a Ctrl jump.
“Oh hell naw you did not just use the lack of a jump button against me!” Seriously it’s like they were picking on a disabled kid. Funny enough, I only just discovered you can jump in act 4. For pc it's the ctrl key You are kidding! I must try this now. EDIT: you were right, holy shit thanks! This is literally game changing, I've missed out on all the combo possibilities. Yeah my reaction upon the discovery was pretty much "You've gotta be fuckin kidding me, this would've been so clutch in act 2" Edit: oh yeah, as a bonus you can double jump by rmb during a Ctrl jump.
Funny enough, I only just discovered you can jump in act 4. For pc it's the ctrl key You are kidding! I must try this now. EDIT: you were right, holy shit thanks! This is literally game changing, I've missed out on all the combo possibilities. Yeah my reaction upon the discovery was pretty much "You've gotta be fuckin kidding me, this would've been so clutch in act 2" Edit: oh yeah, as a bonus you can double jump by rmb during a Ctrl jump.
You are kidding! I must try this now. EDIT: you were right, holy shit thanks! This is literally game changing, I've missed out on all the combo possibilities. Yeah my reaction upon the discovery was pretty much "You've gotta be fuckin kidding me, this would've been so clutch in act 2" Edit: oh yeah, as a bonus you can double jump by rmb during a Ctrl jump.
Yeah my reaction upon the discovery was pretty much "You've gotta be fuckin kidding me, this would've been so clutch in act 2" Edit: oh yeah, as a bonus you can double jump by rmb during a Ctrl jump.
And the rats got me again crossing a bridge and there was like 10 on a building. I just saw a bunch of arrows coming. Felt like Leonidas for 1 sec
I love that the rats act like rat in this game, they team up and harass the shit out of u
DELIGHTFUL hahaha! how delightful 🤬
hahaha! how delightful 🤬
Technically he comes back a few times in the chapter but he's still the goat for blessing us with his musical prowess I want to play his songs on Spotify but can't Yet...
I want to play his songs on Spotify but can't Yet...
Yet...
The real story is far more darker than you think…, in fact all the major story in bm wukong are dark. This one basically, is that there was a kingdom in far side of desert and rich, they suffer worm problem, then the Buddha comes in and give them a drum to help, but then the Buddha are too popular and the king forbid the Buddha. After that, a big worm comes from no where and kill people every time you use the drum, guess who send it? Some rat yaoguai travel by and help killed the big worm (the rat yaoguai is the final boss), and the kingdom begin to worship that rat yaoguai, and then someday, suddenly they all cursed and turned into rats. And the rat yaoguai get captured and no longer seen (captured by the old sage). After years the rat yaoguai comes back and then somehow gets the head of the Buddha and still cannot fix the curse that turned human into rats and the rats are more and more unlike human. Then YOU come and killed them all (not knowing what happened) and get the head of Buddha back. These all in the game texts. Wasnt it a giant beetle? My medallion is ringing, I'm sensing non-native English speakers here. Probably 虫 ---> Worm. In Chinese 虫 can represent all insects and sometimes non-insects like scorpion and tiger, but it's usually translated as worm. I think they just mean when you meet it in the game, it’s presented as a giant beetle. It’s in a secret area.
Wasnt it a giant beetle? My medallion is ringing, I'm sensing non-native English speakers here. Probably 虫 ---> Worm. In Chinese 虫 can represent all insects and sometimes non-insects like scorpion and tiger, but it's usually translated as worm. I think they just mean when you meet it in the game, it’s presented as a giant beetle. It’s in a secret area.
My medallion is ringing, I'm sensing non-native English speakers here. Probably 虫 ---> Worm. In Chinese 虫 can represent all insects and sometimes non-insects like scorpion and tiger, but it's usually translated as worm. I think they just mean when you meet it in the game, it’s presented as a giant beetle. It’s in a secret area.
I think they just mean when you meet it in the game, it’s presented as a giant beetle. It’s in a secret area.
That's what bodhisattvas do, yeah
His songs are great!
He is a buddha so yes he can do what he wants and almost no one can stop him He is a Bodhisattva only, which is kinda like an angel in Christianity. There is only one Buddha in Buddhism and he is at the top. Edit - I stand corrected, there are multiple buddhas (Wukong is one buddha), but there is only one "the Buddha". There are actually more than 1 Buddhas, the game has future Buddha, but yeah the term Buddha itself is usually referred as the top 1 guy. Yes. "The Buddha" generally refers to Siddhartha Gautama, the first Buddha and the founder of Buddhism. However, anyone can become a Buddha by reaching enlightenment. Bodhisattva is a Buddha who decided to stay on the material realm to help the mortals to become Buddhas themselves. My pedestrian interpretation is that Mahayana school (China mainstream) says that in non duality nature of things, no one makes a binary transition from mortal cycle to nirvana, but everyone has Buddha nature Isn't Bodhisattva like 1 rank below Buddha? And only by "awakening" will they reach Buddhahood? My knowledge on Buddhism is quite lacking but from what I read it seemed like Bodhisattvas are as close as one could get to become a Buddha and are on that path. I could be wrong though. Still interesting how his guy got his head chopped by a rat. Crash course: Everything reincarnates and  can only stop reincarnating by achieving nirvana, anyone that achieves nirvana is a Buddha, and The Buddha is whoever in your timeline discovers the way to get to Nirvana, also known as the eightfold path. Bodhisattvas in Mahayana Buddhism are people that have achieved all the steps of Buddhahood but actively choose not to achieve nirvana because they want to act as guides to help other people achieve Buddhahood. The most famous one is Guanyin or Avalokiteśvara who is the bodhisattva of compassion associated with the Buddha of the pure land, Amitabha. Amitabha was a Buddha in possibly another universe that made an alternate reality where people reincarnate and can live forever to achieve Buddhahood, and anyone can go there if you say his name. Siddhartha Gautama was the monk who discovered the principles of Buddhism in our world 2000 years ago, but in the mythology every universe has someone who discovers Buddhism because the concepts are a natural law. Other branches of Buddhism include Theravada which doesn’t have Bodhisattvas but has Arhats which have a similar role but have to be passed down from teacher to student. So they guide others to a treasure they refuse to possess? They’ll take the final step once all other beings have achieved it They're like endgame elden ring players that don't beat the game so they can be summoned by noobs for help. It takes an enlightened soul to edit their misunderstandings. Amituofo. Really? Then why is he headless? That must be uncomfortable Blame the British. Yeah, British Museum has his head. It's revealed at the end of the chapter Excuse my ignorance, there’s more than one Buddha? Yep, even Sun Wukong himself became the Victorious Fighting Buddha. Oh cool, so who’s the Buddha that put Wukong under the mountain? Is he like the main one? Yeah, that was the OG Buddha who trapped him. Buddha Tathagata, yeah you could call him the main one There are many Buddhas Isn’t tathagatha a term for the word “Buddha” ? The main Buddha is Sidhartha gautama if I am recalling correctly. But in Chinese he is called something else. Sidhartha Gautama is what south Asians call him (India Nepal Tibet etc). I think Chinese call him xidado. In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea) Think of it as equivalence of God and Archangels I guess The big B is the one who puts Wukong under the mountain. He’s the top Buddha There are others below him, Wukong became one after the Journey And so he is Siddartha Gautama right? Man this whole buddhist mythology is so interesting I really need to read more about it i’ll look into some books
He is a Bodhisattva only, which is kinda like an angel in Christianity. There is only one Buddha in Buddhism and he is at the top. Edit - I stand corrected, there are multiple buddhas (Wukong is one buddha), but there is only one "the Buddha". There are actually more than 1 Buddhas, the game has future Buddha, but yeah the term Buddha itself is usually referred as the top 1 guy. Yes. "The Buddha" generally refers to Siddhartha Gautama, the first Buddha and the founder of Buddhism. However, anyone can become a Buddha by reaching enlightenment. Bodhisattva is a Buddha who decided to stay on the material realm to help the mortals to become Buddhas themselves. My pedestrian interpretation is that Mahayana school (China mainstream) says that in non duality nature of things, no one makes a binary transition from mortal cycle to nirvana, but everyone has Buddha nature Isn't Bodhisattva like 1 rank below Buddha? And only by "awakening" will they reach Buddhahood? My knowledge on Buddhism is quite lacking but from what I read it seemed like Bodhisattvas are as close as one could get to become a Buddha and are on that path. I could be wrong though. Still interesting how his guy got his head chopped by a rat. Crash course: Everything reincarnates and  can only stop reincarnating by achieving nirvana, anyone that achieves nirvana is a Buddha, and The Buddha is whoever in your timeline discovers the way to get to Nirvana, also known as the eightfold path. Bodhisattvas in Mahayana Buddhism are people that have achieved all the steps of Buddhahood but actively choose not to achieve nirvana because they want to act as guides to help other people achieve Buddhahood. The most famous one is Guanyin or Avalokiteśvara who is the bodhisattva of compassion associated with the Buddha of the pure land, Amitabha. Amitabha was a Buddha in possibly another universe that made an alternate reality where people reincarnate and can live forever to achieve Buddhahood, and anyone can go there if you say his name. Siddhartha Gautama was the monk who discovered the principles of Buddhism in our world 2000 years ago, but in the mythology every universe has someone who discovers Buddhism because the concepts are a natural law. Other branches of Buddhism include Theravada which doesn’t have Bodhisattvas but has Arhats which have a similar role but have to be passed down from teacher to student. So they guide others to a treasure they refuse to possess? They’ll take the final step once all other beings have achieved it They're like endgame elden ring players that don't beat the game so they can be summoned by noobs for help. It takes an enlightened soul to edit their misunderstandings. Amituofo.
There are actually more than 1 Buddhas, the game has future Buddha, but yeah the term Buddha itself is usually referred as the top 1 guy. Yes. "The Buddha" generally refers to Siddhartha Gautama, the first Buddha and the founder of Buddhism. However, anyone can become a Buddha by reaching enlightenment.
Yes. "The Buddha" generally refers to Siddhartha Gautama, the first Buddha and the founder of Buddhism. However, anyone can become a Buddha by reaching enlightenment.
Bodhisattva is a Buddha who decided to stay on the material realm to help the mortals to become Buddhas themselves.
My pedestrian interpretation is that Mahayana school (China mainstream) says that in non duality nature of things, no one makes a binary transition from mortal cycle to nirvana, but everyone has Buddha nature
Isn't Bodhisattva like 1 rank below Buddha? And only by "awakening" will they reach Buddhahood? My knowledge on Buddhism is quite lacking but from what I read it seemed like Bodhisattvas are as close as one could get to become a Buddha and are on that path. I could be wrong though. Still interesting how his guy got his head chopped by a rat. Crash course: Everything reincarnates and  can only stop reincarnating by achieving nirvana, anyone that achieves nirvana is a Buddha, and The Buddha is whoever in your timeline discovers the way to get to Nirvana, also known as the eightfold path. Bodhisattvas in Mahayana Buddhism are people that have achieved all the steps of Buddhahood but actively choose not to achieve nirvana because they want to act as guides to help other people achieve Buddhahood. The most famous one is Guanyin or Avalokiteśvara who is the bodhisattva of compassion associated with the Buddha of the pure land, Amitabha. Amitabha was a Buddha in possibly another universe that made an alternate reality where people reincarnate and can live forever to achieve Buddhahood, and anyone can go there if you say his name. Siddhartha Gautama was the monk who discovered the principles of Buddhism in our world 2000 years ago, but in the mythology every universe has someone who discovers Buddhism because the concepts are a natural law. Other branches of Buddhism include Theravada which doesn’t have Bodhisattvas but has Arhats which have a similar role but have to be passed down from teacher to student. So they guide others to a treasure they refuse to possess? They’ll take the final step once all other beings have achieved it They're like endgame elden ring players that don't beat the game so they can be summoned by noobs for help.
Crash course: Everything reincarnates and  can only stop reincarnating by achieving nirvana, anyone that achieves nirvana is a Buddha, and The Buddha is whoever in your timeline discovers the way to get to Nirvana, also known as the eightfold path. Bodhisattvas in Mahayana Buddhism are people that have achieved all the steps of Buddhahood but actively choose not to achieve nirvana because they want to act as guides to help other people achieve Buddhahood. The most famous one is Guanyin or Avalokiteśvara who is the bodhisattva of compassion associated with the Buddha of the pure land, Amitabha. Amitabha was a Buddha in possibly another universe that made an alternate reality where people reincarnate and can live forever to achieve Buddhahood, and anyone can go there if you say his name. Siddhartha Gautama was the monk who discovered the principles of Buddhism in our world 2000 years ago, but in the mythology every universe has someone who discovers Buddhism because the concepts are a natural law. Other branches of Buddhism include Theravada which doesn’t have Bodhisattvas but has Arhats which have a similar role but have to be passed down from teacher to student. So they guide others to a treasure they refuse to possess? They’ll take the final step once all other beings have achieved it They're like endgame elden ring players that don't beat the game so they can be summoned by noobs for help.
So they guide others to a treasure they refuse to possess? They’ll take the final step once all other beings have achieved it They're like endgame elden ring players that don't beat the game so they can be summoned by noobs for help.
They’ll take the final step once all other beings have achieved it
They're like endgame elden ring players that don't beat the game so they can be summoned by noobs for help.
It takes an enlightened soul to edit their misunderstandings. Amituofo.
Really? Then why is he headless? That must be uncomfortable Blame the British. Yeah, British Museum has his head. It's revealed at the end of the chapter
Blame the British. Yeah, British Museum has his head.
Yeah, British Museum has his head.
It's revealed at the end of the chapter
Excuse my ignorance, there’s more than one Buddha? Yep, even Sun Wukong himself became the Victorious Fighting Buddha. Oh cool, so who’s the Buddha that put Wukong under the mountain? Is he like the main one? Yeah, that was the OG Buddha who trapped him. Buddha Tathagata, yeah you could call him the main one There are many Buddhas Isn’t tathagatha a term for the word “Buddha” ? The main Buddha is Sidhartha gautama if I am recalling correctly. But in Chinese he is called something else. Sidhartha Gautama is what south Asians call him (India Nepal Tibet etc). I think Chinese call him xidado. In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea) Think of it as equivalence of God and Archangels I guess The big B is the one who puts Wukong under the mountain. He’s the top Buddha There are others below him, Wukong became one after the Journey And so he is Siddartha Gautama right? Man this whole buddhist mythology is so interesting I really need to read more about it i’ll look into some books
Yep, even Sun Wukong himself became the Victorious Fighting Buddha. Oh cool, so who’s the Buddha that put Wukong under the mountain? Is he like the main one? Yeah, that was the OG Buddha who trapped him. Buddha Tathagata, yeah you could call him the main one There are many Buddhas Isn’t tathagatha a term for the word “Buddha” ? The main Buddha is Sidhartha gautama if I am recalling correctly. But in Chinese he is called something else. Sidhartha Gautama is what south Asians call him (India Nepal Tibet etc). I think Chinese call him xidado. In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea)
Oh cool, so who’s the Buddha that put Wukong under the mountain? Is he like the main one? Yeah, that was the OG Buddha who trapped him. Buddha Tathagata, yeah you could call him the main one There are many Buddhas Isn’t tathagatha a term for the word “Buddha” ? The main Buddha is Sidhartha gautama if I am recalling correctly. But in Chinese he is called something else. Sidhartha Gautama is what south Asians call him (India Nepal Tibet etc). I think Chinese call him xidado. In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea)
Yeah, that was the OG Buddha who trapped him.
Buddha Tathagata, yeah you could call him the main one There are many Buddhas Isn’t tathagatha a term for the word “Buddha” ? The main Buddha is Sidhartha gautama if I am recalling correctly. But in Chinese he is called something else. Sidhartha Gautama is what south Asians call him (India Nepal Tibet etc). I think Chinese call him xidado. In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea)
Isn’t tathagatha a term for the word “Buddha” ? The main Buddha is Sidhartha gautama if I am recalling correctly. But in Chinese he is called something else. Sidhartha Gautama is what south Asians call him (India Nepal Tibet etc). I think Chinese call him xidado. In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea)
In Chinese he is called Ru Lai (literally the one who came), or Ru Lai Fo Zu (Fo Zu means the founder of Buddhism, actually the word Zu means ancestor but you get the idea)
Think of it as equivalence of God and Archangels I guess The big B is the one who puts Wukong under the mountain. He’s the top Buddha There are others below him, Wukong became one after the Journey And so he is Siddartha Gautama right? Man this whole buddhist mythology is so interesting I really need to read more about it i’ll look into some books
And so he is Siddartha Gautama right? Man this whole buddhist mythology is so interesting I really need to read more about it i’ll look into some books
He game me pluck of many. That's all I needed to know he's a true homie. Coolest ability in the game, now I just need to figure out how to get more mana. Skill points , immortal medecine crafted , immortal medecine found.
Coolest ability in the game, now I just need to figure out how to get more mana. Skill points , immortal medecine crafted , immortal medecine found.
Skill points , immortal medecine crafted , immortal medecine found.
The song after the Tiger fight was soooo satisfying
I do have a question since I just got to Chapter 2 not too long ago.  Not sure if they explain it later in the chapter but how did we get chest full of arrows in the opening cut scene? Did I miss something after clicking travel to the next chapter? If you play through chapter 2 you will definitely end up with a chest full of arrows at least once. It isn't explained. You can just assume that you traveled there and got ambushed by 100s of arrows Yeah what happens between chapters is left as a mystery, the beginning of chapter 3 is the really weird one, it gets less weird after that. I think its just jumping ahead in time significantly, and the chest full of arrows is foreshadowing your future in Chapter 2.
If you play through chapter 2 you will definitely end up with a chest full of arrows at least once.
It isn't explained. You can just assume that you traveled there and got ambushed by 100s of arrows Yeah what happens between chapters is left as a mystery, the beginning of chapter 3 is the really weird one, it gets less weird after that.
Yeah what happens between chapters is left as a mystery, the beginning of chapter 3 is the really weird one, it gets less weird after that.
I think its just jumping ahead in time significantly, and the chest full of arrows is foreshadowing your future in Chapter 2.
The song was fire
I LOVED this dude so much. Such a vibe
Interestingly, this Bodhisattva is actually supervillain. He bestowed the city drum and absorbed faith. But due to too many monks not paying taxes, the king made up his mind to exterminate the faith. As punishment, insect carrying the Buddha's head sculpture and attack the city,His sculptures can blow the wind. The rat demon defeated the insect, and the kingdom decided to respect the rat demon Bodhisattva has once again imposed punishment, turning everyone into rat Yes, according to the teachings of the Hulu Immortal, Bodhisattvas do not want to be influenced by cause and effect, which is why they let Sun Wukong take action Including the final anime cutscene, he is still seducing Sun Wukong I understand that the Buddha is punishing everyone into rat, but does that make him evil? Sure hes the reason we have to fight a bunch of bosses but I'm just trying to understand is he actually a Villain or are you dramatizing? In the animation that concludes Chapter Two, we glimpse the Bodhisattva's attitude: humans, demons, and Bodhisattvas cannot coexist. In fact, in Chinese Buddhist stories, it is common to see humans transformed into animals to suffer. I suspect there might be an even darker plot: the Bodhisattva arranged for the rat monster to repel the Beetle because the rat monster is the Bodhisattva's disciple and the Beetle is the Bodhisattva's mount (refer to the ending scroll’s narration). The ultimate goal is to transform all humans into mice to make them suffer, make them regret, and ultimately convert to Buddhism. In such a situation, discussing good and evil becomes meaningless. Would you condemn your neighbor for flooding an ant nest while watering their lawn? Ah I see, very interesting. I am loving Chinese culture the more I learn. Remember in the ending animation of Ch2, the scholar who saved the white fox dreamed of the fox turning into a beautiful woman and they lived a happy family life. But one day he came back finding his “wife” was eating their childs. The man suddenly woke up with fright from the dream and immediately killed the fox, returning back his way to become a monk in temple. The man save the fox and kill the fox all out of his own will. He do good and evil thing only for himself. From Buddha to human, from human to animal. Are there really so called superior and inferior for all these natural creatures like human and animal? Buddha is not that sacred as we thought, we humans are not that justice as we think. This is the BLACK myth. (At least in my heart) It really reflects a lot of contemporary problems we are facing. There is a follow-up side quest for this animation in Ch3. Hope you enjoy!
I understand that the Buddha is punishing everyone into rat, but does that make him evil? Sure hes the reason we have to fight a bunch of bosses but I'm just trying to understand is he actually a Villain or are you dramatizing? In the animation that concludes Chapter Two, we glimpse the Bodhisattva's attitude: humans, demons, and Bodhisattvas cannot coexist. In fact, in Chinese Buddhist stories, it is common to see humans transformed into animals to suffer. I suspect there might be an even darker plot: the Bodhisattva arranged for the rat monster to repel the Beetle because the rat monster is the Bodhisattva's disciple and the Beetle is the Bodhisattva's mount (refer to the ending scroll’s narration). The ultimate goal is to transform all humans into mice to make them suffer, make them regret, and ultimately convert to Buddhism. In such a situation, discussing good and evil becomes meaningless. Would you condemn your neighbor for flooding an ant nest while watering their lawn? Ah I see, very interesting. I am loving Chinese culture the more I learn. Remember in the ending animation of Ch2, the scholar who saved the white fox dreamed of the fox turning into a beautiful woman and they lived a happy family life. But one day he came back finding his “wife” was eating their childs. The man suddenly woke up with fright from the dream and immediately killed the fox, returning back his way to become a monk in temple. The man save the fox and kill the fox all out of his own will. He do good and evil thing only for himself. From Buddha to human, from human to animal. Are there really so called superior and inferior for all these natural creatures like human and animal? Buddha is not that sacred as we thought, we humans are not that justice as we think. This is the BLACK myth. (At least in my heart) It really reflects a lot of contemporary problems we are facing. There is a follow-up side quest for this animation in Ch3. Hope you enjoy!
In the animation that concludes Chapter Two, we glimpse the Bodhisattva's attitude: humans, demons, and Bodhisattvas cannot coexist. In fact, in Chinese Buddhist stories, it is common to see humans transformed into animals to suffer. I suspect there might be an even darker plot: the Bodhisattva arranged for the rat monster to repel the Beetle because the rat monster is the Bodhisattva's disciple and the Beetle is the Bodhisattva's mount (refer to the ending scroll’s narration). The ultimate goal is to transform all humans into mice to make them suffer, make them regret, and ultimately convert to Buddhism. In such a situation, discussing good and evil becomes meaningless. Would you condemn your neighbor for flooding an ant nest while watering their lawn? Ah I see, very interesting. I am loving Chinese culture the more I learn.
Ah I see, very interesting. I am loving Chinese culture the more I learn.
Remember in the ending animation of Ch2, the scholar who saved the white fox dreamed of the fox turning into a beautiful woman and they lived a happy family life. But one day he came back finding his “wife” was eating their childs. The man suddenly woke up with fright from the dream and immediately killed the fox, returning back his way to become a monk in temple. The man save the fox and kill the fox all out of his own will. He do good and evil thing only for himself. From Buddha to human, from human to animal. Are there really so called superior and inferior for all these natural creatures like human and animal? Buddha is not that sacred as we thought, we humans are not that justice as we think. This is the BLACK myth. (At least in my heart) It really reflects a lot of contemporary problems we are facing. There is a follow-up side quest for this animation in Ch3. Hope you enjoy!
Those songs are ICONIC
favorite character in the game
Dude is down right evil though.
He’s the best intro into a level I’ve experienced in a long time
He finally got his head back
what a giga chad
I love that dude, best character in the game so far 😂
Does anyone know why he was pretending to be Scottish? His Chinese VA when and only when singing(presumably done by another professional artist) would be using a kinda heavy dialect that's native to northwest of  China and I guess localization thought it would be a good idea to include that flavor to a degree. Also, Shaanxi looks like the UK lol It can be a subtle dig on the British for stealing and keeping the head.  And if you are having a dig against England, Scottish is appropriate. Yeah, as a Scotsman, the terrible accent really threw me. There can't be a canonical reason for him to be Scottish, so why bother doing the accent? Especially if the voice actor can't do a good one!? Apparently, many Asian Game localization use Scottish/Irish accent to distinguish "The speaker have a different accent than rest of cast using standard English" So if this is a Chinese game using Mandarin, the Irish guy would replace Cantonese speakers or Tibetan speakers. If this was a Japanese game, the Scottish guy would replace Hokkaido (or some far away rural Japan) accent. That's really interesting. In fact, now you mention it. They did the same in the Cherbobyl series with the miners. They were all Scots. I'm just really confused as to why he completely lost his accent once he got his head back. The headless musician was just a disguised form he assumed, with its own characteristics (like the accent and music.) It's like if Zeus transformed into, say, John Lennon--his true form would not have the British accent. His accent is from northern China's Shaanxi Province. If you put it in Europe,  maybe Scottish is more suitable geographically.
His Chinese VA when and only when singing(presumably done by another professional artist) would be using a kinda heavy dialect that's native to northwest of  China and I guess localization thought it would be a good idea to include that flavor to a degree. Also, Shaanxi looks like the UK lol
Also, Shaanxi looks like the UK lol
It can be a subtle dig on the British for stealing and keeping the head.  And if you are having a dig against England, Scottish is appropriate.
Yeah, as a Scotsman, the terrible accent really threw me. There can't be a canonical reason for him to be Scottish, so why bother doing the accent? Especially if the voice actor can't do a good one!? Apparently, many Asian Game localization use Scottish/Irish accent to distinguish "The speaker have a different accent than rest of cast using standard English" So if this is a Chinese game using Mandarin, the Irish guy would replace Cantonese speakers or Tibetan speakers. If this was a Japanese game, the Scottish guy would replace Hokkaido (or some far away rural Japan) accent. That's really interesting. In fact, now you mention it. They did the same in the Cherbobyl series with the miners. They were all Scots. I'm just really confused as to why he completely lost his accent once he got his head back. The headless musician was just a disguised form he assumed, with its own characteristics (like the accent and music.) It's like if Zeus transformed into, say, John Lennon--his true form would not have the British accent. His accent is from northern China's Shaanxi Province. If you put it in Europe,  maybe Scottish is more suitable geographically.
Apparently, many Asian Game localization use Scottish/Irish accent to distinguish "The speaker have a different accent than rest of cast using standard English" So if this is a Chinese game using Mandarin, the Irish guy would replace Cantonese speakers or Tibetan speakers. If this was a Japanese game, the Scottish guy would replace Hokkaido (or some far away rural Japan) accent. That's really interesting. In fact, now you mention it. They did the same in the Cherbobyl series with the miners. They were all Scots.
That's really interesting. In fact, now you mention it. They did the same in the Cherbobyl series with the miners. They were all Scots.
I'm just really confused as to why he completely lost his accent once he got his head back. The headless musician was just a disguised form he assumed, with its own characteristics (like the accent and music.) It's like if Zeus transformed into, say, John Lennon--his true form would not have the British accent.
The headless musician was just a disguised form he assumed, with its own characteristics (like the accent and music.) It's like if Zeus transformed into, say, John Lennon--his true form would not have the British accent.
His accent is from northern China's Shaanxi Province. If you put it in Europe,  maybe Scottish is more suitable geographically.
So far he’s my fav chapter colleague. Love his vibe
Headless chad
Why do you put a head on him? I feel like that's disrespectful
Is this a good thread to ask about the Buddha rebirth chant from the final trailer? i have the deluxe version and I don't see the song in the music player either
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OVV5ZMzz254 Don't watch if you haven't been to chapter 2
This bum calling me heartless when I neg diffed the rat king and his second son. So no, he is not the Goat.
What's the name of the song?
He doesn't has head to the bullshit that The Destined One is allways saying.
Me vibing to the song, forgetting to read the lyrics and miss the riddle.
ont only he sings but its a banger
I wanted to hear the opener to chapter 2 again.
Come across the video of the singer (behind the headless guy) singing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zglA8qMx9nM
He is here https://www.douyin.com/user/MS4wLjABAAAAdpnYYyES8L9SaW8MxVAawmYafjNhisjfJHNfctjTORw?relation=0&showTab=post&vid=7406301770575662348
Bangers every time
/> Shows up out of nowhere when Monke defeats a boss. /> Has no head but plays bangers on Biwa. Sings with cryptic lyrics. /> Monke is mute, so don't understand. Needs clarification. /> No Head leaves. Refuses to elaborate further.
That’s what Bodhisattva does all the time.
He is the cause of the trouble if you don’t know it
