I shall be joining the hype! Thanks to my lovely partner. What a unexpected and great gift today 😁 Cheers all! And hope you guys have a great day too! ================================================================================  评论列表:
And that's how you know she is the one! Enjoy the game and do keep us posted on how you like it so far! track me Will do! She’s definitely the one for me. Hope you have a wonderful day/night!! "And this kids is how I met your mother" I want to bone your aunt robin Some call her the “Destined One” Why didn't I think of that at the time XD bruh 😂😂😂😂
Will do! She’s definitely the one for me. Hope you have a wonderful day/night!! "And this kids is how I met your mother" I want to bone your aunt robin
"And this kids is how I met your mother" I want to bone your aunt robin
I want to bone your aunt robin
Some call her the “Destined One” Why didn't I think of that at the time XD bruh 😂😂😂😂
Why didn't I think of that at the time XD
bruh 😂😂😂😂
I love this LOL, me too! Always love this photo of this adorable kid! Congrats, my man. Enjoy your journey!!!
I love this LOL, me too! Always love this photo of this adorable kid! Congrats, my man. Enjoy your journey!!!
LOL, me too! Always love this photo of this adorable kid! Congrats, my man. Enjoy your journey!!!
Marry her It’s definitely in the works!🙏 Give her child ..or fur babies if your own isnt in the life agenda Does she have a sister😅 😆 Imagine in the near future, a romantic comedy on Netflix with the couple getting married over Black Myth: Wukong. I could see it as a documentary of how gaming brings people together
It’s definitely in the works!🙏 Give her child ..or fur babies if your own isnt in the life agenda Does she have a sister😅 😆
Give her child ..or fur babies if your own isnt in the life agenda
Does she have a sister😅 😆
Imagine in the near future, a romantic comedy on Netflix with the couple getting married over Black Myth: Wukong. I could see it as a documentary of how gaming brings people together
I could see it as a documentary of how gaming brings people together
Only part of your gift. Get your jingubang ready Oh boi, looks like thrust stance is the way to go! Smash stance is the way Just realized all 3 stances are sexual. Monke uses size changing stick. It was doomed from the very start. The actual description of Offense in Defense: "With both hands clutching his staff, the Destined One executes a fierce thrust attack with extended attack range, directly at the enemy's face." SMASHHHH JinguBoioioing lol *Giggity
Oh boi, looks like thrust stance is the way to go! Smash stance is the way Just realized all 3 stances are sexual. Monke uses size changing stick. It was doomed from the very start. The actual description of Offense in Defense: "With both hands clutching his staff, the Destined One executes a fierce thrust attack with extended attack range, directly at the enemy's face." SMASHHHH
Smash stance is the way Just realized all 3 stances are sexual. Monke uses size changing stick. It was doomed from the very start. The actual description of Offense in Defense: "With both hands clutching his staff, the Destined One executes a fierce thrust attack with extended attack range, directly at the enemy's face." SMASHHHH
Just realized all 3 stances are sexual. Monke uses size changing stick. It was doomed from the very start. The actual description of Offense in Defense: "With both hands clutching his staff, the Destined One executes a fierce thrust attack with extended attack range, directly at the enemy's face."
Monke uses size changing stick. It was doomed from the very start.
The actual description of Offense in Defense: "With both hands clutching his staff, the Destined One executes a fierce thrust attack with extended attack range, directly at the enemy's face."
SMASHHHH
JinguBoioioing lol *Giggity
She’s the destined one
"...only part of your gift" WINK She preordered the DLC too! Glad i wasn't the only one Not only will he get a chance in wielding Sun Wukong's Jingu Bang. His own personal Jingu Bang will be wielded by forestfaerie!
She preordered the DLC too!
Glad i wasn't the only one
Not only will he get a chance in wielding Sun Wukong's Jingu Bang. His own personal Jingu Bang will be wielded by forestfaerie!
My wifes boyfriend bought mine..he's a steller dude.. and he makes my wife happy.. i hate when he plays with my PS5 i had to read this 3 times.. ??????????????? wtf
i had to read this 3 times.. ???????????????
wtf
The one The only one for me, enjoy your week 🙏
The only one for me, enjoy your week 🙏
Either she loves you and wants you to be happy... Or she hates you and wants to see you get psychologically tortured, lose your sanity, self-belief and will to live (or just the will to play videogames) I’ve beaten some hard games I think I’m up for the challenge! But maybe it’s to get me to quit gaming that’s probable ahaha
I’ve beaten some hard games I think I’m up for the challenge! But maybe it’s to get me to quit gaming that’s probable ahaha
Such good vibes. You’re in for a treat. Can’t wait, seen many clips of the game and it looks magnificent. Cheers!
Can’t wait, seen many clips of the game and it looks magnificent. Cheers!
They are the one, well done.
This is truly priceless. You better take good care of your other half. All I want is to see her thrive!
All I want is to see her thrive!
Ahh, my wife did the same thing...I could've cried...game is amazing.
He gets a new stick, she gets a new stick, everyone gets a new stick. On a serious note, enjoy brudda! You are a lucky man
She is the sixth relic This made me laugh so hard ahaha
This made me laugh so hard ahaha
Bro, you’re winning in every aspect of life 🫡.
Bro! You are blessed to have her in your life. Truly am, thank you! Enjoy the coming week!
Truly am, thank you! Enjoy the coming week!
She is your destined one.
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 🙏🙏
🙏🙏
Dude yes!!! That is a keeper. My birthday was on the 20th of last month and my Gf pre ordered it as a surprise so I could play it on release day. 👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾 That’s heat my man, she’s definitely the one for me glad you found the one for you!
That’s heat my man, she’s definitely the one for me glad you found the one for you!
I get that feeling. I got baldurs gate 3 for the person i love on her birthday, and she literally cried that day and now she is addicted to that game and to her virtual husband. I kinda feel jealous, but as long as she is happy lmao. Definitely the best feeling ever.  GL with ur game btw and take good care of your partner.
She's a keeper 🙌
I Love to see this! Yo girl is a certified G!
she is your destined one
You are the Destined One 🙏
she's a keeper.
shes the destined one for you, enjoy the game
“Only part of your gift,” bros about to journey to the west ifyaknowhatimean 😎👉🏼👉🏼
what a thoughtful gift and message!  enjoy! this game is such a banger
Op has already won!
Marry her. Quickly!!! She is definitely treasure nowadays!
"Only part of your gift" Oh shit
Damn life goals. Have fun!
Yup, she's a keeper my friend.
Protect her at all costs man!
You're one lucky guy
Keeper
"And that kids, is how I met your mother"
She wants the D. ;)
Das a good woman right there.
Get the ring ready ma man!
用户已删除评论
Oh man what an amazing woman, congrats sir I wish you fun travels in game and in life with your woman!!
💜
You lucky god damn son of ten thousand bitches, marry her as soon as you physically can!!!!!!
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-09T01:09:08.026000+0000 内容: That’s a keeper right there
Please master the pillar thrust smash stances
King👑
She is a Destined One! Keep an ear out for her subtle hints…when the time is right, return the favor! Enjoy the battles Monkey King!
Congrats bro, on winning life and getting the game. Its great
Have fun my dude! I just finished it and it’s a damn masterpiece
Keeper..
W mans
The game is fuggin amazing, enjoy that shit brother 🔥 w Woman
Hopefully the other part is her giving you the Gluck Gluck 5000 while you play 😜
I don’t know what to say but this
Now that’s awesome
She's a keeper!
Get that ring ready she is a keeper buddy
This is so cute! ❤️ Happy early birthday and hope you have fun!
Happy for you man ❤️
She a keeper brother. Have fun
She is your destined one.
You know, I have 6 kids. The four girls love watching me play this game. My one year old just keeps talking about the "gold baby" (Elder Jinchi) Everytime she sees my controller in my hand. She made some kind of core memory watching that motherfucker kamehameha me a hundred times as all the girls screamed. Fucking epic game man
That's it brah, she's the one.
You lucky bastard
Grats, fuck you
Whats the other part of her gift *wink wink *
Cherish her
Danm, congract man. What a positive relationship you have there, keep it up
My lady got me the game as a gift as the gift as well. She got me bg3 as well, a god send she is 🙏
Never let her go 🙏
I wish I was someone's sweetheart, am jealous, good for you!
You won in life!
KEEPER!💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿
Don't neglect her or neglect her until she cosplay this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpzUNsRUHDg&t=227s
That is so sweet. You’re gonna be hooked.
Wait gamers get girls? It happens! (Especially when they learn about our finger reflexes 😂) take care friend!
It happens! (Especially when they learn about our finger reflexes 😂) take care friend!
That’s lovely
My best friend gifted me this game. I swear by my life I'll set up a gaming zone in this wedding for us to chill between the boring stuff.
omg so nice lucky man
Awesome! Have fun dude! I just beat it and plan to do it all over again. Its fun!
She wants to see you lose your shit is all I read😈
Does she have a twin? Even a cousin would've worked :D
I hope yall are married, and if not MARRY HER 🗣️🗣️💥💥💥
She said "this is only part of your gift".. I know what that means *wink *wink.. my guys getting that Hawk Tuah 🤌
Congrats bro you won both in life and in game taste
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Mediocre-Toe3212 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-09T08:36:01.303000+0000 内容: Get ready for stresssssss 😂😂 Good stress though... Rewarding stress .... Maybe little crying too
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-09T08:58:15.200000+0000 内容: I'm going to add forest fairie and see if she will buy me a copy
She's a keeper!
Big day big day
Actual THE SAGE, giving powers to a new monkey. 👍
Your lucky to have such an amazing partner
You lucky money, she's a keeper
Congrats. Glad to see something positive in my life. I really need it.
Bro won in life
I see you’ve found your “Destined One”
Hell yeah man, can’t wait for you to join in. She seems like an amazing girl, supporting your interests. Also I gotta say I respect your self control for not buying the game bc funds are tight and I’m sure she recognizes your prudence as well. You’re a stronger man than me haha
Ain't gonna lie seeing this kind of made my day and I don't even know you haha enjoy the game man I finished it yesterday was definitely worth the money to me
Now take that same 60 dollars and gift her with something.
She's the destined one for you!
Made me tear up a bit. Thats awesome dude!! Very happy for you.
You are one lucky fella. My lady gets mad when she thinks I turned the system on lol
YOU BETTA EAT THAT 😻  FOR THAT WOMAN!
Nice, she's awesome dude lol
That's awesome ,she is awesome, the game is awesome , have an awesome time , that's a beautiful thing!!!
W WOMAN 🥳🥳🥳 and happy birthday bro you’ll really enjoy this game !!!
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Haru9811 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-11T10:12:49.466000+0000 内容:
guys i fully almost commented what i got him out of excitement stop asking HAHAHA really though, thanks for all the kind words but this is just what he deserves bc he is a wonderful human himself<3
If you live together, the funds are tighter now anyway.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/UnfairComparison206 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/UnfairComparison206 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Leave her.
版主已移除评论
Be careful, Clearly she’s got no sense of financial priorities
awesome girlfriend bro ‼️‼️
Awww thats lovely👌
Winner! And I mean you finding your wife
You are the chosen one!
Do you have no money because you are saving for a ring? If so, good choice.....
Nothing beats relaxing after a day of work by swearing at the latest game you are playing. Enjoy the challenge!
Remind me when you marry her
Welcome to the journey. It’s a hell of a ride.
Give her your Ruyi Jingu Bang
You gotta winner brother.
She is the one. Keep her.
Marry her or I will!! (J/k but seriously that is a lovely gesture. You are appreciated! Enjoy!)
Yeah I also had a conversation with my wife like: -Hey, there's a new game from Chinese guys, and it's ripping all the charts apart. -What is it about? -It's about some kind of Chinese mythology stuff and anthropomorphic monkey with stuff. I will not buy it tho, it's kinda expensive. -If you will not buy that game, I'll buy it for you by myself. -You don't know how to add funds to my steam wallet -I'll just give the money to you. So I had to buy the game with my own money lol. I really enjoy it.
Nice! My wife did this once when Mario Wonder came out, she wrapped up the game box and had it waiting by the Switch for when I came home, and I was putting off buying it for ages.
My girlfriend bought mine too I was so happy 🙏
My wife yells at me everytime I buy a game. Good for you. Enjoy. This is GOTY for sure.
My wife did the same and by my wife I mean my right hand when it clicked the purchase button
Nice man! My girl did something similar. She almost always owes when tax time comes around. Last year she actually landed in the positives, and what does she do? Walks in with a ps5 during one of the worst times of my life. Enjoy the game bro, it's 🔥.
That's cute. Also, fuck you.
I wad bummed out didn't get day 1 physical release so I hesitated as well. But my sis chipped in 20 as a gift.  3 weeks later, I'm on ng+ chapter 3, goty 2024 :)
Just out of curiosity, what’s the other part of the gift?
You don’t need to be the destined one, you already have yours by your side.
Well, you found a keeper brother.
This game is so hard, I can´t let it go. It´s my first time ever playing this sort of game 😅
Bros winning
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: PHANTASMAGOR1CAL 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-09T17:45:42.159000+0000 内容: Great. I will say this is the first game I have bought in two years and the first one on release day since anthem.
My brother, you won the lottery.
i like her, you be nice to her ya hear me!!
She is the One
man is blessed
It’s so good
She's the one, happy gaming my dude
That’s very sweet. Nice present and the message.
Rule 151 states that You have a year to propose to her 🫡
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Life-Hand9706 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-09T18:51:24.923000+0000 内容: I was gonna say marry her, but you already did. So make sure she gets spoiled as well. She is a keeper.
Congratulations 🎊
Enjoy it’s really good
Aw, what a kind gesture. She's a keeper. Happy birthday!!
What a beautiful moment. Cut to him in their living room screaming and cursing for hours lol
A Keeper
