================================================================================  评论列表:
Never forget， You're also drinking track me I drink when the Destined One drinks. SOLIDARITY Warning: please do not drink every time the Destined One drinks. except its water :D Drinking yea but maybe we held our liquor better cos we weren't drunk. He was heaving at some point in the fight lol like he was about to throw up. It was hilarious Bro I drank that goddamn multi decade old wine non stop against that triclops He drops a soak that's really important for poison builds.  If you use it, you're basically drinking buddies! Is there a place to see tips for biulds? I'm interested in making one of these, but it's hard to find the items without knowing what to look for. Simple, look for everything. I was drunk for half the bosses in this game. Other half I was getting drunk. So drunk the whole time? Excellent, all hail liquor
I drink when the Destined One drinks. SOLIDARITY Warning: please do not drink every time the Destined One drinks. except its water :D
Warning: please do not drink every time the Destined One drinks. except its water :D
except its water :D
Drinking yea but maybe we held our liquor better cos we weren't drunk. He was heaving at some point in the fight lol like he was about to throw up. It was hilarious Bro I drank that goddamn multi decade old wine non stop against that triclops
Bro I drank that goddamn multi decade old wine non stop against that triclops
He drops a soak that's really important for poison builds.  If you use it, you're basically drinking buddies! Is there a place to see tips for biulds? I'm interested in making one of these, but it's hard to find the items without knowing what to look for. Simple, look for everything.
Is there a place to see tips for biulds? I'm interested in making one of these, but it's hard to find the items without knowing what to look for. Simple, look for everything.
Simple, look for everything.
I was drunk for half the bosses in this game. Other half I was getting drunk. So drunk the whole time? Excellent, all hail liquor
So drunk the whole time? Excellent, all hail liquor
what do you think is in our goards? Better wine then the cheap shit this guy is probably drinking You just know the swill he drinks would probably kill a normal human lmao Oh for sure. I feel like both the Scorpion King and our character are probably drinking shit that would kill a normal human lol. I'd still take a small sip, for science 😂 Takes 1 small sip and instantly the most drunk you have ever been in your life 😂 we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂 I mean one of the soaks poisons you while you drink it, most poisons make you hallucinate. New mindcanon: the gourd doesn’t actually heal you, it just makes you think you’ve been healed. When you upgrade your gourd, you’re just making the opening smaller so you can take smaller sips. If you're drunk, you can't feel the pain. Honestly about as silly as Jin Sakai yelling away wounds. Being drunk while fighting is a power up in BMW. I'd rather have whatever he was drinking. it seemed to work better
Better wine then the cheap shit this guy is probably drinking You just know the swill he drinks would probably kill a normal human lmao Oh for sure. I feel like both the Scorpion King and our character are probably drinking shit that would kill a normal human lol. I'd still take a small sip, for science 😂 Takes 1 small sip and instantly the most drunk you have ever been in your life 😂 we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂 I mean one of the soaks poisons you while you drink it, most poisons make you hallucinate.
You just know the swill he drinks would probably kill a normal human lmao Oh for sure. I feel like both the Scorpion King and our character are probably drinking shit that would kill a normal human lol. I'd still take a small sip, for science 😂 Takes 1 small sip and instantly the most drunk you have ever been in your life 😂 we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂 I mean one of the soaks poisons you while you drink it, most poisons make you hallucinate.
Oh for sure. I feel like both the Scorpion King and our character are probably drinking shit that would kill a normal human lol. I'd still take a small sip, for science 😂 Takes 1 small sip and instantly the most drunk you have ever been in your life 😂 we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂 I mean one of the soaks poisons you while you drink it, most poisons make you hallucinate.
I'd still take a small sip, for science 😂 Takes 1 small sip and instantly the most drunk you have ever been in your life 😂 we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂
Takes 1 small sip and instantly the most drunk you have ever been in your life 😂 we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂
we are gonna be like Stan Lee in age of Ultron 😂
I mean one of the soaks poisons you while you drink it, most poisons make you hallucinate.
New mindcanon: the gourd doesn’t actually heal you, it just makes you think you’ve been healed. When you upgrade your gourd, you’re just making the opening smaller so you can take smaller sips. If you're drunk, you can't feel the pain. Honestly about as silly as Jin Sakai yelling away wounds.
If you're drunk, you can't feel the pain. Honestly about as silly as Jin Sakai yelling away wounds.
Being drunk while fighting is a power up in BMW.
I'd rather have whatever he was drinking. it seemed to work better
Jokes him him... I was too. Drunk to drunk communication
Drunk to drunk communication
you’re drinking rice wine the whole game. this dude has nothing on that monkey liver Rice? I drink coconut wine. MONKEY BOOOOZE
Rice? I drink coconut wine.
MONKEY BOOOOZE
In all fairness, so are we. We’re literally drinking like the highest quality wine from our gourds. So it was a battle between two drunk fools at a bar. Its rice wine too so its like spirit strength
So it was a battle between two drunk fools at a bar.
Its rice wine too so its like spirit strength
This game have made want to try coconut wine. Bring out the 10 year coconut wine! Got so sad that after 50 years it turned into something else, presumably better... still wanna try it lol. Well, it turns into the Chinese equivalence of ambrosia, the drink of gods served in the heavily queen's banquet which will give you immortality.
Bring out the 10 year coconut wine! Got so sad that after 50 years it turned into something else, presumably better... still wanna try it lol. Well, it turns into the Chinese equivalence of ambrosia, the drink of gods served in the heavily queen's banquet which will give you immortality.
Got so sad that after 50 years it turned into something else, presumably better... still wanna try it lol. Well, it turns into the Chinese equivalence of ambrosia, the drink of gods served in the heavily queen's banquet which will give you immortality.
Well, it turns into the Chinese equivalence of ambrosia, the drink of gods served in the heavily queen's banquet which will give you immortality.
Still mad I didn’t get to fight this guy because he got himself killed by the Duskveil 😭 Take that as a blessing, I found him way more difficult than Yellow Loong. Had to give up and go to Duskveil, figured I’d go back just for him to Kamakazi into the fight You think Scorpion was harder than yellow? Hmm I beat scorpion first. Maybe I should go back for Yellow? I'm stuck on daoist atm. I genuinely thought Scorpion was much more difficult due to speed, power and range of his attacks. Yellow had speed and power but not really range so I had time to recover and regroup. And which Daoist? Scorpion was a 1st try boss for me, Yellow Loong took me 2 days, I don't think they are even in the same realm of difficulty, but every persons experience differs. depends on your playstyle. I didn't struggle with Yellow Long because my build was around thrust stance so I was weaving in and out of his attack range. Scorpion Lord's tail has range for days+poison so I just got cooked. I struggled with him more as well. Wait, how? Lile if you complete the purple cloud main boss without beating him, he gets automatically killed?
Take that as a blessing, I found him way more difficult than Yellow Loong. Had to give up and go to Duskveil, figured I’d go back just for him to Kamakazi into the fight You think Scorpion was harder than yellow? Hmm I beat scorpion first. Maybe I should go back for Yellow? I'm stuck on daoist atm. I genuinely thought Scorpion was much more difficult due to speed, power and range of his attacks. Yellow had speed and power but not really range so I had time to recover and regroup. And which Daoist? Scorpion was a 1st try boss for me, Yellow Loong took me 2 days, I don't think they are even in the same realm of difficulty, but every persons experience differs. depends on your playstyle. I didn't struggle with Yellow Long because my build was around thrust stance so I was weaving in and out of his attack range. Scorpion Lord's tail has range for days+poison so I just got cooked. I struggled with him more as well.
You think Scorpion was harder than yellow? Hmm I beat scorpion first. Maybe I should go back for Yellow? I'm stuck on daoist atm. I genuinely thought Scorpion was much more difficult due to speed, power and range of his attacks. Yellow had speed and power but not really range so I had time to recover and regroup. And which Daoist? Scorpion was a 1st try boss for me, Yellow Loong took me 2 days, I don't think they are even in the same realm of difficulty, but every persons experience differs. depends on your playstyle. I didn't struggle with Yellow Long because my build was around thrust stance so I was weaving in and out of his attack range. Scorpion Lord's tail has range for days+poison so I just got cooked. I struggled with him more as well.
I genuinely thought Scorpion was much more difficult due to speed, power and range of his attacks. Yellow had speed and power but not really range so I had time to recover and regroup. And which Daoist?
Scorpion was a 1st try boss for me, Yellow Loong took me 2 days, I don't think they are even in the same realm of difficulty, but every persons experience differs.
depends on your playstyle. I didn't struggle with Yellow Long because my build was around thrust stance so I was weaving in and out of his attack range. Scorpion Lord's tail has range for days+poison so I just got cooked. I struggled with him more as well.
Wait, how? Lile if you complete the purple cloud main boss without beating him, he gets automatically killed?
Haha bro was a worthy opponent. In NG i accidentally broke his wine bottles because I wanted some will.. !! Next thing I know he was rushing the shit out of me.
Only erlang and great sage left for me and he was the toughest fight yet by far. Just didn't stop attacking , is too fast and does insane damage . Bishui beast, tiger vanguard , rakshasa king etc all took me >5 tries. This mf took me 25+ tries
I can tell by him AIYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA
Duskveil took me more tries than him, crazy how different we all play this game ^^ Same actually. I don't know what it was about that damn deep fried chicken, but his second phase kept wrecking me. I never used immobilize in the game so that probably didn't help, having to chase him all over the battlefield.
Same actually. I don't know what it was about that damn deep fried chicken, but his second phase kept wrecking me. I never used immobilize in the game so that probably didn't help, having to chase him all over the battlefield.
and he still beat my ass continuously
Please don’t bullshit me, I watched Drunken Fist and Jackie Chan films.
Devs were drunk when they made his hitbox.
Here is my story I was stuck on 100 Eye and I did not know about the needle. So i had to search on YouTube how to kill this guy and then I found out about the needle. So I am exploring the mountain area and I see this guy chilling on the roof I say to myself okay an easy boss and when the fight starts i see the name scorpion lord I have read with other players that he's one of the toughest bosses in the game. So I tried the scorpion lord once and the mother fucker rampaged me with his tail. I was already getting pissed because of 100 eye and I can't kill him and I need the stupid needle to help me with that boss. I can't kill scorpion because he's just gonna bust my ass. So i look for guides on YouTube for Duskville and as soon as the fight starts he gets killed by Dusk. Now this boss has a 2 phase transformation. The first phase is easy. The second phase is a bitch it's been one entire day and I can't beat him. I am gonna try again tomorrow let's see what happens
Somehow it only took me 2 tries to beat 😬
Never beat him myself   I let another boss do it for me
I was drunk too, on anti miasma
Genuine question, do I have to fight this MF in NG+ I never want to go through that shit again He is so much easier in ng+; but you can skip him if you want. If you beat him in ng, you already got the gourd he drops and the Stinger to craft the missing chest piece of the Insect Set you got from Fuban.
He is so much easier in ng+; but you can skip him if you want. If you beat him in ng, you already got the gourd he drops and the Stinger to craft the missing chest piece of the Insect Set you got from Fuban.
Yep he's drunk the whole fight You're also doped up on pills and wine
Some people fight better drunk. There's a whole fighting style dedicated to fighting drunk.
I love drinking
Who said I was sober?
I just played him and I thought it was going to be a breeze, he whooped my ass immediately 😂😂
Hardest boss fight for me in the whole game, was stuck on him for like 2-3 hours
Oh. You didnt know?  Drunken Scorpion is an actual martial art... syke
I'm at him now. Pluck of many helps but it's random when they get good damage in..other times they barely make a dent in his health. I got so close, he had a quarter of health left but he got me with a 4th tail spin as I was trying to heal.
I've been stuck for two days against this guy. Would anyone care to share some tips please? I am desperate
Must be a drunken master. 😅
Right. Just imagine Sober ScorpionKing 😅
That azz whoopin I gave him on ng++ sobered him up 😆
I fucking hete this one boss in particular
I think this was the most difficult battle in the game. No joke. Nobody else gave me such a hard time.
This fight was wayyy too overhyped for me. I beat him first go with pretty easy effort, but man that Duskveil had me for a good 5-6 try’s!
So that's why he was so fking hard to beat
Dodge rolling into him made the fight wayyyy easier. That helped beat most of boss and I now reach chapter 5
yes, he was. 99% proof alcohol...
I'm regretting not fighting him in my 1st playthrough. He was as easy as the rest of the bosses in Ng and Ng+2 so I'll never know what makes him so difficult. Games awesome but forced skips without any warning aren't great for those of us who go into the game blind,no guides or videos. Maybe they could add a pop up "if you progress through here you will be locked out of x things".
Well I was stoned so jokes on him. (Still haven’t beaten him)
Big same.
Between him and Erlang I had the roughest time. Felt good when I beat him.
So was I
I stomped an absolute mud hole in him. One of the less difficult bosses.
Hardest boss in the game.
Sober Scorpion Lord is the GOAT and true Destined One and Buddha.
i guess i was afraid for no reason... got him first attempt yesterday... he didn't FEEL drunk though
Who is this guy
Hardest boss in the game for me
This fool rocked my shit 10+ times
Scorpion king dies once you beat him. Many other bosses (the yellow Loong, father Tiger vanguard, all the secret bosses Erlang sent, second sister, heck even bottom/top duo) merely dehostiled once they found you tough enough. So in-game speaking he's weaker than many.
Never heard of the drunken fist(stinger)?
I never got to beat him. He just disappeared but then showed up at the Duskveil fight.
Disappeared and not respawning. But I still got the deathstinger?
This dude made me quit the game …. I gave up
I still don't know why this guy wasn't the transformation instead that weird ass larva dude we got. Probably one of the biggest missed opportunities in the game. I'm over here thinking this guy was going to be the next transformation throughout the whole fight, imagine my disappointment when it was just basic poison enemy #10, smh...
This guy took me 4 tries, that Yellow Loong really preped me for this fight, guy was pretty easy to dodge
Giys idk but i never fought with this guy He was killed during the final fight and the final boss killed him. Idk if its good or not
So was I
I mean i was drunked too when i defeated this guy so its a fair fight
Oh he just like me
If I drink like Scorplord can I also have a weird hitbox IRL?
he was also ultra mad at us for breaking his stuff :D so double - becomes a + again raging drunken fist is an upgrade confirmed 🤣
I missed that fight I was stupid who goes and kill duskveil directly well I'm gonna get him on my second play through
As was I, I had half a box of wine in me at that moment
thought they were talking about me
He is quite the functioning alcoholic
Yeah I never beat him actually. After losing like 10 times I went to fight the other major boss, only to *spoiler spoiler spoiler*
I seriously hope they add a boss gauntlet feature like they did in Sekiro in a future update. I’d love to fight all these bosses again without having to jump into NG++
I guarantee I will be high for this fight when I get to it. Drunk vs. high. Its gonna be great.
用户已删除评论 He’s a violent drunk CUZ his wife was killed by wukong and the rooster who is the original form of duskveil. His caw is the bane to all insects which is why if you don’t fight him and go straight to duskveil he will help you out but come phase 2 he will die to the caw just like his wife
He’s a violent drunk CUZ his wife was killed by wukong and the rooster who is the original form of duskveil. His caw is the bane to all insects which is why if you don’t fight him and go straight to duskveil he will help you out but come phase 2 he will die to the caw just like his wife
He is the Drunken Master!
This was by far the hardest boss in the game for me too
So was I.
I'm sad I missed this guy's boss fight. He was one of the bosses from the trailer I was looking forward to. Oh well, good this game has NG+.
No wonder he's so strong and has so much health
I went straight to the dusk veil and this guy started fighting him dusk veil killed him
