At some point the respective mediums realized how much the general audience eat this shows and they just started to prioritize quantity for quick cash grab than actually investing in good stories, and telling them right, ================================================================================  评论列表:
Just like what Regression/System to manhwa track me Regression and to a lesser degree system was directly transferred over from chinese webnovels so I have a hard time calling regression a manhwa thing. Sure, the big regression web novels that we think of today are generally korean, but the exact trope in the exact copy pasta format existed to a larger degree in chinese web novels. Whereas while system existed in chinese webnovels it was an uncommon setup and korean webnovels expanded on it a lot. Time loop media can be so good and then you have the regression/system stuff, what a waste of an interesting trope I couldn't have said it better even if I wanted to bro, and some people are predicting it'll be the next wave to replace Isekai shows in the future, but considering how much it's already overdone in the Manhwa sphere and so many people already fed up with it, I just can't see it ever happening.
Regression and to a lesser degree system was directly transferred over from chinese webnovels so I have a hard time calling regression a manhwa thing. Sure, the big regression web novels that we think of today are generally korean, but the exact trope in the exact copy pasta format existed to a larger degree in chinese web novels. Whereas while system existed in chinese webnovels it was an uncommon setup and korean webnovels expanded on it a lot.
Time loop media can be so good and then you have the regression/system stuff, what a waste of an interesting trope
I couldn't have said it better even if I wanted to bro, and some people are predicting it'll be the next wave to replace Isekai shows in the future, but considering how much it's already overdone in the Manhwa sphere and so many people already fed up with it, I just can't see it ever happening.
Xianxia has had its hooks in me for a long time, and it's nice to see all of the ones I've read animated now I can't say I've ever heard of it, does it have an English name? Xianxia is the genre... well there's also xuanhuan which is more like a modern take, whereas xianxia is more traditional and adheres to many specific tropes, example of a trope is picking up why female MCs may have ice attributed alignments, but do you actually know the reason why? Both stem from historical mythology in Chinese history. "Overdone" lmao, it's been done for hundreds of years already, though it has obviously been moulded into what it is as time goes on. Thats very bad explanation of xianxia I'm waiting for your explanation in the same amount of words. Xianxia is definitely not "new". The current format is relatively new, obviously. Though I guess you could say it stems from wuxia really. Everyone knows it's a mix of religious concepts and schools of thought (Buddhist, Daoism, Confucianism etc), but it's also the influence of historical fictional literature. In the past 100-200 years, the tropes have emerged as staples to what it is in its current webnovel format. I suspected it's been done for the longest time now, hence my use of the word ‘Overdone’, but thanks for the detailed insights, I just learned something new, not that I'd dislike it any less but it is what it is I suppose. 😅😅😅 Xianxia is a genre involving chinese mythology + cultivation involving deep philosophical ponderings and teachings of Taoism, Buddhism, Confucianism and martial arts. You can check Wikipedia definition for more description. Its a relatively new genre of literature and its extremely popular in china and abroad. Thanks for sharing, I'll be sure to read up more on it in the near future when I have time. 🙏🏿
I can't say I've ever heard of it, does it have an English name? Xianxia is the genre... well there's also xuanhuan which is more like a modern take, whereas xianxia is more traditional and adheres to many specific tropes, example of a trope is picking up why female MCs may have ice attributed alignments, but do you actually know the reason why? Both stem from historical mythology in Chinese history. "Overdone" lmao, it's been done for hundreds of years already, though it has obviously been moulded into what it is as time goes on. Thats very bad explanation of xianxia I'm waiting for your explanation in the same amount of words. Xianxia is definitely not "new". The current format is relatively new, obviously. Though I guess you could say it stems from wuxia really. Everyone knows it's a mix of religious concepts and schools of thought (Buddhist, Daoism, Confucianism etc), but it's also the influence of historical fictional literature. In the past 100-200 years, the tropes have emerged as staples to what it is in its current webnovel format. I suspected it's been done for the longest time now, hence my use of the word ‘Overdone’, but thanks for the detailed insights, I just learned something new, not that I'd dislike it any less but it is what it is I suppose. 😅😅😅 Xianxia is a genre involving chinese mythology + cultivation involving deep philosophical ponderings and teachings of Taoism, Buddhism, Confucianism and martial arts. You can check Wikipedia definition for more description. Its a relatively new genre of literature and its extremely popular in china and abroad. Thanks for sharing, I'll be sure to read up more on it in the near future when I have time. 🙏🏿
Xianxia is the genre... well there's also xuanhuan which is more like a modern take, whereas xianxia is more traditional and adheres to many specific tropes, example of a trope is picking up why female MCs may have ice attributed alignments, but do you actually know the reason why? Both stem from historical mythology in Chinese history. "Overdone" lmao, it's been done for hundreds of years already, though it has obviously been moulded into what it is as time goes on. Thats very bad explanation of xianxia I'm waiting for your explanation in the same amount of words. Xianxia is definitely not "new". The current format is relatively new, obviously. Though I guess you could say it stems from wuxia really. Everyone knows it's a mix of religious concepts and schools of thought (Buddhist, Daoism, Confucianism etc), but it's also the influence of historical fictional literature. In the past 100-200 years, the tropes have emerged as staples to what it is in its current webnovel format. I suspected it's been done for the longest time now, hence my use of the word ‘Overdone’, but thanks for the detailed insights, I just learned something new, not that I'd dislike it any less but it is what it is I suppose. 😅😅😅 Xianxia is a genre involving chinese mythology + cultivation involving deep philosophical ponderings and teachings of Taoism, Buddhism, Confucianism and martial arts. You can check Wikipedia definition for more description. Its a relatively new genre of literature and its extremely popular in china and abroad. Thanks for sharing, I'll be sure to read up more on it in the near future when I have time. 🙏🏿
Thats very bad explanation of xianxia I'm waiting for your explanation in the same amount of words. Xianxia is definitely not "new". The current format is relatively new, obviously. Though I guess you could say it stems from wuxia really. Everyone knows it's a mix of religious concepts and schools of thought (Buddhist, Daoism, Confucianism etc), but it's also the influence of historical fictional literature. In the past 100-200 years, the tropes have emerged as staples to what it is in its current webnovel format.
I'm waiting for your explanation in the same amount of words. Xianxia is definitely not "new". The current format is relatively new, obviously. Though I guess you could say it stems from wuxia really. Everyone knows it's a mix of religious concepts and schools of thought (Buddhist, Daoism, Confucianism etc), but it's also the influence of historical fictional literature. In the past 100-200 years, the tropes have emerged as staples to what it is in its current webnovel format.
I suspected it's been done for the longest time now, hence my use of the word ‘Overdone’, but thanks for the detailed insights, I just learned something new, not that I'd dislike it any less but it is what it is I suppose. 😅😅😅 Xianxia is a genre involving chinese mythology + cultivation involving deep philosophical ponderings and teachings of Taoism, Buddhism, Confucianism and martial arts. You can check Wikipedia definition for more description. Its a relatively new genre of literature and its extremely popular in china and abroad. Thanks for sharing, I'll be sure to read up more on it in the near future when I have time. 🙏🏿
Xianxia is a genre involving chinese mythology + cultivation involving deep philosophical ponderings and teachings of Taoism, Buddhism, Confucianism and martial arts. You can check Wikipedia definition for more description. Its a relatively new genre of literature and its extremely popular in china and abroad. Thanks for sharing, I'll be sure to read up more on it in the near future when I have time. 🙏🏿
Thanks for sharing, I'll be sure to read up more on it in the near future when I have time. 🙏🏿
Honestly, this kind of content saturation and repetition is something every entertainment industry goes through at some point — anime in Japan went through the same thing decades ago. What’s happening in donghua right now is just a natural stage in its growth. Also, it’s worth noting that many of these “template” cultivation donghua are adapted from webnovels that were already formulaic to begin with. Most of them were never meant to be deep or groundbreaking stories — they’re casual reads, often labeled as “xiaobaiwen” (lit. “white-text fiction” = low-barrier, light escapism). So yes, the animation versions feel repetitive because the source material already was. For now, what matters most to a lot of viewers is that there’s a steady stream of content to watch. In a developing market, having a series that actually keeps updating consistently is already a huge plus — especially compared to shows that start off promising and then vanish after a few episodes. Over time, competition will naturally push for better quality, and we’ve already started to see that. Shows like Ling Cage and A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality (RMJI) stand out, especially RMJI it’s not only high-quality, but also manage to keep producing new episodes without major breaks. That kind of balance — sustainability and quality — is extremely rare and honestly what the industry needs more of. There's a comment thread below where we discussed pretty much similar to this comment, though not as detailed, Japan is also still going through a repetitive phase in the form of Isekai genre, majority of the shows look good visually no doubt, but people are starting to feel the saturation and thus can't consume shows as much as they used to because 80-90% of those releases feel like you've seen them multiple times before, this is a constant complaint in the communities I'm part of here on Reddit, To an extent, one can even dub the recent spike is Donghua viewership as the indirect effect of that, due to more & more studios investing in common Isekai storylines capitalizing on nostalgic feel than adapting and telling compelling stories, audience base is starting to dwindle due to the lingering desire to watch something fresh, of course I say this with confidence as I'm part of those viewers that jumped to Donghua medium for that escape, and honestly this has been one of the best decisions I've made in recent times, Now, I'm not saying the ANIME market will decline, but the studios will feel the loss at one point or another, especially with such a spike in Donghua popularity, my disappointment stems from realizing Donghua also has its troupes(for which I didn't mind in the beginning), but the more I watch the more I realize, well perhaps Donghua might not grow to rival the ANIME market one day(not that this is their goal or anything), but ultimately I made peace with because as you just mentioned, this is common amongst many industries, But of course this is all just the vent of some guy in the southern coast of Africa, an opinion that'll never even make any difference, I just discovered some great stories that fell to being average due to the common troupes, as stated before I discussed this with some bro earlier in one of the comment below expressing that ultimately we're grateful to have this adaptations as many great Novels, Manhwa & Manga might never have the opportunity, similar to your sentiment now, so yeah, overall the shows are still good enough despite their predictability, so this is a win-win in some way. Ling Cage is currently My Best Donghua since I've started watching the medium, and it's production value also explains why there isn't much of it to watch yet, I've even had to pick up the Novel, RMJI is so-and-so for me, the story is beautiful, the world building aspect is amongst the best I've ever seen across multiple mediums, the gripe I have is with it is the MC, though despite his annoyance I still love the Series regardless.
There's a comment thread below where we discussed pretty much similar to this comment, though not as detailed, Japan is also still going through a repetitive phase in the form of Isekai genre, majority of the shows look good visually no doubt, but people are starting to feel the saturation and thus can't consume shows as much as they used to because 80-90% of those releases feel like you've seen them multiple times before, this is a constant complaint in the communities I'm part of here on Reddit, To an extent, one can even dub the recent spike is Donghua viewership as the indirect effect of that, due to more & more studios investing in common Isekai storylines capitalizing on nostalgic feel than adapting and telling compelling stories, audience base is starting to dwindle due to the lingering desire to watch something fresh, of course I say this with confidence as I'm part of those viewers that jumped to Donghua medium for that escape, and honestly this has been one of the best decisions I've made in recent times, Now, I'm not saying the ANIME market will decline, but the studios will feel the loss at one point or another, especially with such a spike in Donghua popularity, my disappointment stems from realizing Donghua also has its troupes(for which I didn't mind in the beginning), but the more I watch the more I realize, well perhaps Donghua might not grow to rival the ANIME market one day(not that this is their goal or anything), but ultimately I made peace with because as you just mentioned, this is common amongst many industries, But of course this is all just the vent of some guy in the southern coast of Africa, an opinion that'll never even make any difference, I just discovered some great stories that fell to being average due to the common troupes, as stated before I discussed this with some bro earlier in one of the comment below expressing that ultimately we're grateful to have this adaptations as many great Novels, Manhwa & Manga might never have the opportunity, similar to your sentiment now, so yeah, overall the shows are still good enough despite their predictability, so this is a win-win in some way. Ling Cage is currently My Best Donghua since I've started watching the medium, and it's production value also explains why there isn't much of it to watch yet, I've even had to pick up the Novel, RMJI is so-and-so for me, the story is beautiful, the world building aspect is amongst the best I've ever seen across multiple mediums, the gripe I have is with it is the MC, though despite his annoyance I still love the Series regardless.
All popular genres have their tropes, that’s usually what sets them in the genre. That being said, I like seeing a young master get face slapped. I like seeing the elder try to kill MC’s parents, so the MC can get revenge. And I like seeing the sect leader call for ancestor to get justice on MC, only to get obliterated by MC’s grandpa in a ring. I hope they figure out new and entertaining ways to kowtow 100 times to save their 9 generations. I get what you mean, and honestly I'm not saying they're bad, just pointing out how they often ruin great stories by making them predictable and eliminating that element of surprise... Generally what sets titles apart is the MC attitude, the schemes prepared by the enemies, and how MC reacts to tropes. I get what you’re saying and I do like to see variety and not the same 3 tropes over and over the same way. But generally speaking if you’ve read lots of manhua and watched tons of donghua you tend to see the plots coming from miles away. Theres only so many kinds of human conflict after all. It's a good thing we've got the Novels, as Authors do often do it but not as much as the adaptations, and even sometimes when authors do it, they find other creative ways to make them land, which breathes a fresh breath of air to the scenarios, Though this is not to diss the adaptations as well because there's just so much animators can do to bring these stories to life, I guess I just miss the days Creatives took risks without fear of being out-casted by the fanbase, too many studios play it too safe, be it a form of fan-service or shipping a couple they know the Fandom likes to see, despite altering the source material, Ultimately, we can be grateful to even receive an adaptation, considering the many Novels, Manhwa or Manga that will never see the light of day. 😅😅😅 Complete agreement, so many novels don’t get adaptations that I’m just glad to have something to watch instead of read. Element of surprise isn't what makes a show enjoyable for most people, or else people wouldn't have watch an anime that they've read the novels of, or even rewatch anime that they've already seen. I get your point about this post, but for me it's not about what a show has or doesn't have, it's how they execute the said plot point. Cliches exist in every medias, including your favorite shows. Thanks for sharing bro. 👊🏿 I've already discussed your points multiple times now, so you're welcome to surf through other comments threads for specific reply. Yeah I read through the entire thread and posted that comment. What I am trying to say is that even though some cultivation donghua may not be on RMJI level, and there may be some cliches, there are many that are still very enjoyable in some way, even if it's predictable, because the moment is well executed. That said, there are also many subpar cultivation series out there, I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire), maybe I will find more the more I watch. I'm still to finish RMJI, I stopped at Ep. 85 for now, the story was interesting enough and the world building is spectacular to say the least, Han Li isn't amongst my favorites, but everything else about the series holds enough depth for me to disregard his annoyance, 😅😅😂 I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire) Yeah, this one I would avoid from the name alone. 😭🤣🤣
I get what you mean, and honestly I'm not saying they're bad, just pointing out how they often ruin great stories by making them predictable and eliminating that element of surprise... Generally what sets titles apart is the MC attitude, the schemes prepared by the enemies, and how MC reacts to tropes. I get what you’re saying and I do like to see variety and not the same 3 tropes over and over the same way. But generally speaking if you’ve read lots of manhua and watched tons of donghua you tend to see the plots coming from miles away. Theres only so many kinds of human conflict after all. It's a good thing we've got the Novels, as Authors do often do it but not as much as the adaptations, and even sometimes when authors do it, they find other creative ways to make them land, which breathes a fresh breath of air to the scenarios, Though this is not to diss the adaptations as well because there's just so much animators can do to bring these stories to life, I guess I just miss the days Creatives took risks without fear of being out-casted by the fanbase, too many studios play it too safe, be it a form of fan-service or shipping a couple they know the Fandom likes to see, despite altering the source material, Ultimately, we can be grateful to even receive an adaptation, considering the many Novels, Manhwa or Manga that will never see the light of day. 😅😅😅 Complete agreement, so many novels don’t get adaptations that I’m just glad to have something to watch instead of read. Element of surprise isn't what makes a show enjoyable for most people, or else people wouldn't have watch an anime that they've read the novels of, or even rewatch anime that they've already seen. I get your point about this post, but for me it's not about what a show has or doesn't have, it's how they execute the said plot point. Cliches exist in every medias, including your favorite shows. Thanks for sharing bro. 👊🏿 I've already discussed your points multiple times now, so you're welcome to surf through other comments threads for specific reply. Yeah I read through the entire thread and posted that comment. What I am trying to say is that even though some cultivation donghua may not be on RMJI level, and there may be some cliches, there are many that are still very enjoyable in some way, even if it's predictable, because the moment is well executed. That said, there are also many subpar cultivation series out there, I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire), maybe I will find more the more I watch. I'm still to finish RMJI, I stopped at Ep. 85 for now, the story was interesting enough and the world building is spectacular to say the least, Han Li isn't amongst my favorites, but everything else about the series holds enough depth for me to disregard his annoyance, 😅😅😂 I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire) Yeah, this one I would avoid from the name alone. 😭🤣🤣
Generally what sets titles apart is the MC attitude, the schemes prepared by the enemies, and how MC reacts to tropes. I get what you’re saying and I do like to see variety and not the same 3 tropes over and over the same way. But generally speaking if you’ve read lots of manhua and watched tons of donghua you tend to see the plots coming from miles away. Theres only so many kinds of human conflict after all. It's a good thing we've got the Novels, as Authors do often do it but not as much as the adaptations, and even sometimes when authors do it, they find other creative ways to make them land, which breathes a fresh breath of air to the scenarios, Though this is not to diss the adaptations as well because there's just so much animators can do to bring these stories to life, I guess I just miss the days Creatives took risks without fear of being out-casted by the fanbase, too many studios play it too safe, be it a form of fan-service or shipping a couple they know the Fandom likes to see, despite altering the source material, Ultimately, we can be grateful to even receive an adaptation, considering the many Novels, Manhwa or Manga that will never see the light of day. 😅😅😅 Complete agreement, so many novels don’t get adaptations that I’m just glad to have something to watch instead of read.
It's a good thing we've got the Novels, as Authors do often do it but not as much as the adaptations, and even sometimes when authors do it, they find other creative ways to make them land, which breathes a fresh breath of air to the scenarios, Though this is not to diss the adaptations as well because there's just so much animators can do to bring these stories to life, I guess I just miss the days Creatives took risks without fear of being out-casted by the fanbase, too many studios play it too safe, be it a form of fan-service or shipping a couple they know the Fandom likes to see, despite altering the source material, Ultimately, we can be grateful to even receive an adaptation, considering the many Novels, Manhwa or Manga that will never see the light of day. 😅😅😅 Complete agreement, so many novels don’t get adaptations that I’m just glad to have something to watch instead of read.
Complete agreement, so many novels don’t get adaptations that I’m just glad to have something to watch instead of read.
Element of surprise isn't what makes a show enjoyable for most people, or else people wouldn't have watch an anime that they've read the novels of, or even rewatch anime that they've already seen. I get your point about this post, but for me it's not about what a show has or doesn't have, it's how they execute the said plot point. Cliches exist in every medias, including your favorite shows. Thanks for sharing bro. 👊🏿 I've already discussed your points multiple times now, so you're welcome to surf through other comments threads for specific reply. Yeah I read through the entire thread and posted that comment. What I am trying to say is that even though some cultivation donghua may not be on RMJI level, and there may be some cliches, there are many that are still very enjoyable in some way, even if it's predictable, because the moment is well executed. That said, there are also many subpar cultivation series out there, I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire), maybe I will find more the more I watch. I'm still to finish RMJI, I stopped at Ep. 85 for now, the story was interesting enough and the world building is spectacular to say the least, Han Li isn't amongst my favorites, but everything else about the series holds enough depth for me to disregard his annoyance, 😅😅😂 I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire) Yeah, this one I would avoid from the name alone. 😭🤣🤣
Thanks for sharing bro. 👊🏿 I've already discussed your points multiple times now, so you're welcome to surf through other comments threads for specific reply. Yeah I read through the entire thread and posted that comment. What I am trying to say is that even though some cultivation donghua may not be on RMJI level, and there may be some cliches, there are many that are still very enjoyable in some way, even if it's predictable, because the moment is well executed. That said, there are also many subpar cultivation series out there, I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire), maybe I will find more the more I watch. I'm still to finish RMJI, I stopped at Ep. 85 for now, the story was interesting enough and the world building is spectacular to say the least, Han Li isn't amongst my favorites, but everything else about the series holds enough depth for me to disregard his annoyance, 😅😅😂 I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire) Yeah, this one I would avoid from the name alone. 😭🤣🤣
Yeah I read through the entire thread and posted that comment. What I am trying to say is that even though some cultivation donghua may not be on RMJI level, and there may be some cliches, there are many that are still very enjoyable in some way, even if it's predictable, because the moment is well executed. That said, there are also many subpar cultivation series out there, I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire), maybe I will find more the more I watch. I'm still to finish RMJI, I stopped at Ep. 85 for now, the story was interesting enough and the world building is spectacular to say the least, Han Li isn't amongst my favorites, but everything else about the series holds enough depth for me to disregard his annoyance, 😅😅😂 I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire) Yeah, this one I would avoid from the name alone. 😭🤣🤣
I'm still to finish RMJI, I stopped at Ep. 85 for now, the story was interesting enough and the world building is spectacular to say the least, Han Li isn't amongst my favorites, but everything else about the series holds enough depth for me to disregard his annoyance, 😅😅😂 I haven't came across one that's unwatchable yet (the worst one I watch is probably Magic Chef of Ice and Fire) Yeah, this one I would avoid from the name alone. 😭🤣🤣
It’s actually shounen. Not isekai Shounen just means that a show is marketed towards a young, generally male, generally action or comedy-forward audience. It’s more of a demographic term. Isekai and cultivation donghua both have very built-out trope structures, are both often power fantasy-type stories, often with harems, that are very popular. In terms of marketing however shounen is so far ahead of isekai and it’s no close Similarly Shounen is driving the anime world right now and no other genre is even close If you’re talking impact , marketing, reach, popularity etc shounen and cultivation  are more a like. When you think of anime most people think of Dragon Ball, One Piece, Naruto etc. when you think of Donghua most people think of Soul land , BTTH, Perfect world etc You do not think of isekai when you think of anime Isekai is a niche genre within the ANIME culture, go research a little more bud'. Cultivation donghua are literally like shounen Start weak, gain a power and rise from the weakest to god like beings. Shounen is currently the most popular genre in anime just like cultivation is the most popular genre in donghua I do not get the isekai and cultivation comparison AT ALL. Isekai is more like the kings avatar, fog hill of five elements, outcast, spare me great lord, war god system, leveling up in a fantasy world, I picked up an attribute etc Go do your research Shounen, seinen, shoujo, and josei are used to categorize anime and manga based on their target audience. For example, Komi-san is a romance anime categorized as shounen, while Kuzu no Honkai is a romance anime categorized as seinen. You can clearly see the difference in tone and themes if you've watched both. The term "zero to hero" is commonly used to describe characters who start off weak but gradually become extremely powerful. Some popular examples include Dragon Ball, Naruto, and Boku no Hero Academia. The original post pointed out that China has overused the cultivation trope, much like Japan has overused the isekai genre. Both tropes often have titles that follow similar narrative patterns. Marketing wise the two most popular genres in anime and donghua respectively are shounen and Xianxia/wuxia Popularity wise as well as most people know shounen like DB, Naruto , One Piece and btth, Soul land and Wu geng ji Couldn’t you say the same for shounen, shounen has been beaten to death since the 80’s with DB, Saint seiya and fist of North Star. Isekai is still fairly new Though I do see the similarities and kind of agree with your point Guys why are you fighting over these small differences It's kind of heading nowhere I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅 I'm not comparing the genres, I'm pointing out how they're overdone... Hence I'm using Isekai which seems to be the Majority of the ANIME shows being released, similar to Cultivation being the Majority of Donghua shows being released. Which part of my post actually compared the 2, please enlighten me.
Shounen just means that a show is marketed towards a young, generally male, generally action or comedy-forward audience. It’s more of a demographic term. Isekai and cultivation donghua both have very built-out trope structures, are both often power fantasy-type stories, often with harems, that are very popular. In terms of marketing however shounen is so far ahead of isekai and it’s no close Similarly Shounen is driving the anime world right now and no other genre is even close If you’re talking impact , marketing, reach, popularity etc shounen and cultivation  are more a like. When you think of anime most people think of Dragon Ball, One Piece, Naruto etc. when you think of Donghua most people think of Soul land , BTTH, Perfect world etc You do not think of isekai when you think of anime
In terms of marketing however shounen is so far ahead of isekai and it’s no close Similarly Shounen is driving the anime world right now and no other genre is even close If you’re talking impact , marketing, reach, popularity etc shounen and cultivation  are more a like. When you think of anime most people think of Dragon Ball, One Piece, Naruto etc. when you think of Donghua most people think of Soul land , BTTH, Perfect world etc You do not think of isekai when you think of anime
Isekai is a niche genre within the ANIME culture, go research a little more bud'. Cultivation donghua are literally like shounen Start weak, gain a power and rise from the weakest to god like beings. Shounen is currently the most popular genre in anime just like cultivation is the most popular genre in donghua I do not get the isekai and cultivation comparison AT ALL. Isekai is more like the kings avatar, fog hill of five elements, outcast, spare me great lord, war god system, leveling up in a fantasy world, I picked up an attribute etc Go do your research Shounen, seinen, shoujo, and josei are used to categorize anime and manga based on their target audience. For example, Komi-san is a romance anime categorized as shounen, while Kuzu no Honkai is a romance anime categorized as seinen. You can clearly see the difference in tone and themes if you've watched both. The term "zero to hero" is commonly used to describe characters who start off weak but gradually become extremely powerful. Some popular examples include Dragon Ball, Naruto, and Boku no Hero Academia. The original post pointed out that China has overused the cultivation trope, much like Japan has overused the isekai genre. Both tropes often have titles that follow similar narrative patterns. Marketing wise the two most popular genres in anime and donghua respectively are shounen and Xianxia/wuxia Popularity wise as well as most people know shounen like DB, Naruto , One Piece and btth, Soul land and Wu geng ji Couldn’t you say the same for shounen, shounen has been beaten to death since the 80’s with DB, Saint seiya and fist of North Star. Isekai is still fairly new Though I do see the similarities and kind of agree with your point Guys why are you fighting over these small differences It's kind of heading nowhere I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅 I'm not comparing the genres, I'm pointing out how they're overdone... Hence I'm using Isekai which seems to be the Majority of the ANIME shows being released, similar to Cultivation being the Majority of Donghua shows being released. Which part of my post actually compared the 2, please enlighten me.
Cultivation donghua are literally like shounen Start weak, gain a power and rise from the weakest to god like beings. Shounen is currently the most popular genre in anime just like cultivation is the most popular genre in donghua I do not get the isekai and cultivation comparison AT ALL. Isekai is more like the kings avatar, fog hill of five elements, outcast, spare me great lord, war god system, leveling up in a fantasy world, I picked up an attribute etc Go do your research Shounen, seinen, shoujo, and josei are used to categorize anime and manga based on their target audience. For example, Komi-san is a romance anime categorized as shounen, while Kuzu no Honkai is a romance anime categorized as seinen. You can clearly see the difference in tone and themes if you've watched both. The term "zero to hero" is commonly used to describe characters who start off weak but gradually become extremely powerful. Some popular examples include Dragon Ball, Naruto, and Boku no Hero Academia. The original post pointed out that China has overused the cultivation trope, much like Japan has overused the isekai genre. Both tropes often have titles that follow similar narrative patterns. Marketing wise the two most popular genres in anime and donghua respectively are shounen and Xianxia/wuxia Popularity wise as well as most people know shounen like DB, Naruto , One Piece and btth, Soul land and Wu geng ji Couldn’t you say the same for shounen, shounen has been beaten to death since the 80’s with DB, Saint seiya and fist of North Star. Isekai is still fairly new Though I do see the similarities and kind of agree with your point Guys why are you fighting over these small differences It's kind of heading nowhere I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅 I'm not comparing the genres, I'm pointing out how they're overdone... Hence I'm using Isekai which seems to be the Majority of the ANIME shows being released, similar to Cultivation being the Majority of Donghua shows being released. Which part of my post actually compared the 2, please enlighten me.
Shounen, seinen, shoujo, and josei are used to categorize anime and manga based on their target audience. For example, Komi-san is a romance anime categorized as shounen, while Kuzu no Honkai is a romance anime categorized as seinen. You can clearly see the difference in tone and themes if you've watched both. The term "zero to hero" is commonly used to describe characters who start off weak but gradually become extremely powerful. Some popular examples include Dragon Ball, Naruto, and Boku no Hero Academia. The original post pointed out that China has overused the cultivation trope, much like Japan has overused the isekai genre. Both tropes often have titles that follow similar narrative patterns. Marketing wise the two most popular genres in anime and donghua respectively are shounen and Xianxia/wuxia Popularity wise as well as most people know shounen like DB, Naruto , One Piece and btth, Soul land and Wu geng ji Couldn’t you say the same for shounen, shounen has been beaten to death since the 80’s with DB, Saint seiya and fist of North Star. Isekai is still fairly new Though I do see the similarities and kind of agree with your point Guys why are you fighting over these small differences It's kind of heading nowhere I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅
Marketing wise the two most popular genres in anime and donghua respectively are shounen and Xianxia/wuxia Popularity wise as well as most people know shounen like DB, Naruto , One Piece and btth, Soul land and Wu geng ji Couldn’t you say the same for shounen, shounen has been beaten to death since the 80’s with DB, Saint seiya and fist of North Star. Isekai is still fairly new Though I do see the similarities and kind of agree with your point Guys why are you fighting over these small differences It's kind of heading nowhere I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅
Guys why are you fighting over these small differences It's kind of heading nowhere I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅
I wouldn't necessarily say we're fighting(though I can't speak for others), hence I distanced myself from this thread a while back as it appeared we were just strolling around in circles talking about the same thing but too stubborn to admit we are. 🤦🏿‍♂️🤣🤣 Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅
Hey yeah I get it it's one of those days.  At least you guys aren't throwing profanity at each other like those other subreddits Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅
Trust me the second a single profane word is dropped I immediately detach from a thread, I mean the post even stated ‘Discussion’, so if anyone can't at least be civil enough to properly express themselves, then they're not worth the time imo. 😅
I'm not comparing the genres, I'm pointing out how they're overdone... Hence I'm using Isekai which seems to be the Majority of the ANIME shows being released, similar to Cultivation being the Majority of Donghua shows being released. Which part of my post actually compared the 2, please enlighten me.
You may be watching low-budget donghua of 5-10 minutes, so they are basically all a template. Except for BTTH for more than 20 minutes, there are few similar ones. Unfortunately in my opinion, BTTH is currently the worst/horrible Donghua I've ever watched. 😥😥😥 Although my post isn't meant to say the points I've listed are bad, they just get quite annoying when at times as some great stories fall prey to them thus making them predictable, which in turn lessens that element of surprise, generally making that ‘great story’ as just average. I think you've fallen into the trap of "What makes a good show",  and don't understand the point of these shows. They're not meant to be unpredictable nor surprise you. Infact, a lot of people actually watch it because it is predictable. Shows are entertainment, they are watched for enjoyment. You're honestly just putting the definition of "good show" in a box. It's fine to have your own preferences but it's like saying people see Godzilla or like slasher movies for the story 🤣 Considering that I've seen a handful shows not adhering to the common troupes I've mentioned here, I guess I subconsciously set my bar really high in that regard 😅🤣🤣 Though I'll agree with you on the fact that the majority of these shows are just pumped out for consumption purposes, and as I mentioned in other comments, I don't really think it's a bad thing or that the shows are bad, I just felt a bit let down the more I watched, But yeah, I'll still be surfing though the common basket, often 1/10 turns out to be a Masterclass work, and even though it might still contain some troupes mentioned here and there, they're so well handled that they could be disregarded completely. 👌🏿😎 I mean 5-10 minutes of donghua is basically written in reference to the BTTH template Being amongst the first to do it doesn't mean you automatically did it great, No Idea is rarely new nowadays, there's always inspiration from somewhere, that meaning BTTH didn't age well, making it bad in my books.
Unfortunately in my opinion, BTTH is currently the worst/horrible Donghua I've ever watched. 😥😥😥 Although my post isn't meant to say the points I've listed are bad, they just get quite annoying when at times as some great stories fall prey to them thus making them predictable, which in turn lessens that element of surprise, generally making that ‘great story’ as just average. I think you've fallen into the trap of "What makes a good show",  and don't understand the point of these shows. They're not meant to be unpredictable nor surprise you. Infact, a lot of people actually watch it because it is predictable. Shows are entertainment, they are watched for enjoyment. You're honestly just putting the definition of "good show" in a box. It's fine to have your own preferences but it's like saying people see Godzilla or like slasher movies for the story 🤣 Considering that I've seen a handful shows not adhering to the common troupes I've mentioned here, I guess I subconsciously set my bar really high in that regard 😅🤣🤣 Though I'll agree with you on the fact that the majority of these shows are just pumped out for consumption purposes, and as I mentioned in other comments, I don't really think it's a bad thing or that the shows are bad, I just felt a bit let down the more I watched, But yeah, I'll still be surfing though the common basket, often 1/10 turns out to be a Masterclass work, and even though it might still contain some troupes mentioned here and there, they're so well handled that they could be disregarded completely. 👌🏿😎 I mean 5-10 minutes of donghua is basically written in reference to the BTTH template Being amongst the first to do it doesn't mean you automatically did it great, No Idea is rarely new nowadays, there's always inspiration from somewhere, that meaning BTTH didn't age well, making it bad in my books.
I think you've fallen into the trap of "What makes a good show",  and don't understand the point of these shows. They're not meant to be unpredictable nor surprise you. Infact, a lot of people actually watch it because it is predictable. Shows are entertainment, they are watched for enjoyment. You're honestly just putting the definition of "good show" in a box. It's fine to have your own preferences but it's like saying people see Godzilla or like slasher movies for the story 🤣 Considering that I've seen a handful shows not adhering to the common troupes I've mentioned here, I guess I subconsciously set my bar really high in that regard 😅🤣🤣 Though I'll agree with you on the fact that the majority of these shows are just pumped out for consumption purposes, and as I mentioned in other comments, I don't really think it's a bad thing or that the shows are bad, I just felt a bit let down the more I watched, But yeah, I'll still be surfing though the common basket, often 1/10 turns out to be a Masterclass work, and even though it might still contain some troupes mentioned here and there, they're so well handled that they could be disregarded completely. 👌🏿😎
Considering that I've seen a handful shows not adhering to the common troupes I've mentioned here, I guess I subconsciously set my bar really high in that regard 😅🤣🤣 Though I'll agree with you on the fact that the majority of these shows are just pumped out for consumption purposes, and as I mentioned in other comments, I don't really think it's a bad thing or that the shows are bad, I just felt a bit let down the more I watched, But yeah, I'll still be surfing though the common basket, often 1/10 turns out to be a Masterclass work, and even though it might still contain some troupes mentioned here and there, they're so well handled that they could be disregarded completely. 👌🏿😎
I mean 5-10 minutes of donghua is basically written in reference to the BTTH template Being amongst the first to do it doesn't mean you automatically did it great, No Idea is rarely new nowadays, there's always inspiration from somewhere, that meaning BTTH didn't age well, making it bad in my books.
Being amongst the first to do it doesn't mean you automatically did it great, No Idea is rarely new nowadays, there's always inspiration from somewhere, that meaning BTTH didn't age well, making it bad in my books.
用户已删除评论 Supposedly its like a cultural thing in China, and they love every part of it, and since their priority is pretty much the Chinese audience, I don't think they'll be changing it anytime soon. 🤦🏿‍♂️😂
Supposedly its like a cultural thing in China, and they love every part of it, and since their priority is pretty much the Chinese audience, I don't think they'll be changing it anytime soon. 🤦🏿‍♂️😂
i.e.  bombed and depleted Way too many overused troupes.
Way too many overused troupes.
Base on your summary u watch alot mine giving your good and bad kind category ? It’s helps to know which good and bad.
Xianxia, wuxia, or xuanhuan have been a thing in China for generations, this isn't a new thing for China. While cultivation may seem similar to isekai in that it appeals to the lowest common denominator, xianxia, wuxia or xuanhuan at its core is about a zero to hero story, it is no different from a sports anime where the protagonist grow from a nobody to a koshien champion, or something like that. This is why I have preference of cultivation over isekai where the MC are usually OP from the start and we see no growth at all from the characters. Just like other genres, cultivation does have its own slops like many of the urban cultivator type of story, but I'd argue those are not nearly as popular as the better ones. It seems like you have some specific donghua in mind when you're talking about it, mind naming those donghua? Not to be rude, but there's a comment thread below very similar to yours, might I suggest you check it out if possible. I read everything in this post before responding bro, and only 1 or 2 people brought up the xianxia/wuxia genre. I offered my own reason as to why I like these genres and how it differentiates with most of the isekai slops out there. Some other guy did say that cultivation is more similar to battle shonen than it is isekai and he's not wrong, many of them are about the zero to hero trope.
Not to be rude, but there's a comment thread below very similar to yours, might I suggest you check it out if possible. I read everything in this post before responding bro, and only 1 or 2 people brought up the xianxia/wuxia genre. I offered my own reason as to why I like these genres and how it differentiates with most of the isekai slops out there. Some other guy did say that cultivation is more similar to battle shonen than it is isekai and he's not wrong, many of them are about the zero to hero trope.
I read everything in this post before responding bro, and only 1 or 2 people brought up the xianxia/wuxia genre. I offered my own reason as to why I like these genres and how it differentiates with most of the isekai slops out there. Some other guy did say that cultivation is more similar to battle shonen than it is isekai and he's not wrong, many of them are about the zero to hero trope.
Take that back otherwise don't blame me for being rude!!! Though I recognize the reference from the shows and assuming this is probably a joke, I'm legit not sure how to respond to it, so I'll just respond. 🤔🤣🤣 Are you courting death?! XD Will you be using a sword or a spear? 🤔🤣🤣🤣 My army of flying swords and my magical growth thundering heaven spear Well that might be tough... For me I mean. 🤣🤣🤣 XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
Though I recognize the reference from the shows and assuming this is probably a joke, I'm legit not sure how to respond to it, so I'll just respond. 🤔🤣🤣 Are you courting death?! XD Will you be using a sword or a spear? 🤔🤣🤣🤣 My army of flying swords and my magical growth thundering heaven spear Well that might be tough... For me I mean. 🤣🤣🤣 XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
Are you courting death?! XD Will you be using a sword or a spear? 🤔🤣🤣🤣 My army of flying swords and my magical growth thundering heaven spear Well that might be tough... For me I mean. 🤣🤣🤣 XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
Will you be using a sword or a spear? 🤔🤣🤣🤣 My army of flying swords and my magical growth thundering heaven spear Well that might be tough... For me I mean. 🤣🤣🤣 XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
My army of flying swords and my magical growth thundering heaven spear Well that might be tough... For me I mean. 🤣🤣🤣 XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
Well that might be tough... For me I mean. 🤣🤣🤣 XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
XD glad you understood the assignment 🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣 My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
My favorite cultivation donghua are RMJI swallowed star and soul land and BTTH although BTTH is only there cuz i read it first and kinda annoyed at the changes but only care if they give us xiao xiao I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
I've watched all except Soul Land, lacking the energy to pick it up due to its length and so many releases, I'm not even sure where to begin watching. 😂😂 I did like RMJI & Swallowed Star, as for BTTH, safe to say I won't be watching this anytime soon, or rather in this lifetime. 🤣🤣🤣
Indeed, but the difference between anime isekai and donghua cultivation is that donghua cultivation actually has good fights, MC struggles, and gets brutalized/humiliated by his enemies, while most of the OP Isekai MC bulldozes everything and makes babies with his harem. Also, Isekai MC cheat code actually OP and works from the beginning to the end, while donghua MC's cheat code is just an excuse for him to cultivate faster, but often useless in the fights that matter. Why are you specifying the difference, its not like I'm comparing the 2 am I? Do you truly understand the topic of this post? 🤔🤔🤔 I just feel like posting what and how I feel about the Chinese and JP "bread and butter" anime difference. Does that UPSET you? Not really, I just fail to see the significance, and wonder if you're that bored? 🤔 Well, i didn't wonder or think "are you THAT bored" when you made this thread either because i don't think there are people ever asked or wonder "cultivation shows are JP isekai in anime" until today. 🤣🤣🤣 The forced laughter just confirmed it, in any case we're all free to wonder whatever comes to our minds so who am I to tell you otherwise... 🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️ And just as we're free to think however, I'm gonna choose to stop entertaining this(You) troll, I'll show myself the 🚪 So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Why are you specifying the difference, its not like I'm comparing the 2 am I? Do you truly understand the topic of this post? 🤔🤔🤔 I just feel like posting what and how I feel about the Chinese and JP "bread and butter" anime difference. Does that UPSET you? Not really, I just fail to see the significance, and wonder if you're that bored? 🤔 Well, i didn't wonder or think "are you THAT bored" when you made this thread either because i don't think there are people ever asked or wonder "cultivation shows are JP isekai in anime" until today. 🤣🤣🤣 The forced laughter just confirmed it, in any case we're all free to wonder whatever comes to our minds so who am I to tell you otherwise... 🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️ And just as we're free to think however, I'm gonna choose to stop entertaining this(You) troll, I'll show myself the 🚪 So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
I just feel like posting what and how I feel about the Chinese and JP "bread and butter" anime difference. Does that UPSET you? Not really, I just fail to see the significance, and wonder if you're that bored? 🤔 Well, i didn't wonder or think "are you THAT bored" when you made this thread either because i don't think there are people ever asked or wonder "cultivation shows are JP isekai in anime" until today. 🤣🤣🤣 The forced laughter just confirmed it, in any case we're all free to wonder whatever comes to our minds so who am I to tell you otherwise... 🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️ And just as we're free to think however, I'm gonna choose to stop entertaining this(You) troll, I'll show myself the 🚪 So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Not really, I just fail to see the significance, and wonder if you're that bored? 🤔 Well, i didn't wonder or think "are you THAT bored" when you made this thread either because i don't think there are people ever asked or wonder "cultivation shows are JP isekai in anime" until today. 🤣🤣🤣 The forced laughter just confirmed it, in any case we're all free to wonder whatever comes to our minds so who am I to tell you otherwise... 🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️ And just as we're free to think however, I'm gonna choose to stop entertaining this(You) troll, I'll show myself the 🚪 So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Well, i didn't wonder or think "are you THAT bored" when you made this thread either because i don't think there are people ever asked or wonder "cultivation shows are JP isekai in anime" until today. 🤣🤣🤣 The forced laughter just confirmed it, in any case we're all free to wonder whatever comes to our minds so who am I to tell you otherwise... 🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️ And just as we're free to think however, I'm gonna choose to stop entertaining this(You) troll, I'll show myself the 🚪 So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
The forced laughter just confirmed it, in any case we're all free to wonder whatever comes to our minds so who am I to tell you otherwise... 🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️ And just as we're free to think however, I'm gonna choose to stop entertaining this(You) troll, I'll show myself the 🚪 So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
So when you created a random thread from your mind = not troll, but when i made a post that isn't against you and your thread at all but a simple input from my mind = bored and a troll. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
idk man. Isekai (or Isekai lite) is often used in Donghua 3D of the 230 or so Donghua 3D titles I've watched, some form of transmigration or rebirth is used on at least a half (probably closer to 2/3 or 3/4) of the MCs, within the first (introductory) episode. Please reread my topic bro, you seem to have missed the point. I read enough to know where you were going with your rant. Been there myself at times. (see my "Stupid Donghua Rules" thread for instance) In the end, I re-realized that this is all just formulaic serial cartoons, and I shrugged my shoulders. I could walk away... or continue to enjoy the formulaic content that's almost thrown at me by their international distribution efforts... BTW, my point was that comparing something with something else where both use the same mechanism routinely is kind of silly in my opinion (wadr). Cultivation shows (that rely on Isekai in ~1/2 - 2/3 of the cases) are to Donghua what Isekai is to anime... seems ... odd to me. Another one mistaking my post for comparison, I've already dealt with enough misguided folks as you so you can say I'm tapped out of the energy to argue my point across, if you didn't get it forget it. Thus, regard this as my last reply to you. 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨 wadr, I get it. I'm just not all that concerned about the issue. I enjoy Donghua, and yes, there are even a few deep philosophical truths contained in some of its dialogue and monologues, but in the end, it's utter fantastical pap, just like 99% of other forms of pop entertainment. None of us is going to ascend to a higher plane (sorry to burst any bubbles) none of us its going to learn to wield a spirit sword, or cast ice spike, or or gain 4 century rings of powah! or whatever, none of us is going to do any of the things presented routinely in Donghua or anime. it is pure fantasy and it uses T/Daoism and Bhuddism for the most part as caricature gimmick constructs to support the various "powers" we see displayed by the MC and other characters
Please reread my topic bro, you seem to have missed the point. I read enough to know where you were going with your rant. Been there myself at times. (see my "Stupid Donghua Rules" thread for instance) In the end, I re-realized that this is all just formulaic serial cartoons, and I shrugged my shoulders. I could walk away... or continue to enjoy the formulaic content that's almost thrown at me by their international distribution efforts... BTW, my point was that comparing something with something else where both use the same mechanism routinely is kind of silly in my opinion (wadr). Cultivation shows (that rely on Isekai in ~1/2 - 2/3 of the cases) are to Donghua what Isekai is to anime... seems ... odd to me. Another one mistaking my post for comparison, I've already dealt with enough misguided folks as you so you can say I'm tapped out of the energy to argue my point across, if you didn't get it forget it. Thus, regard this as my last reply to you. 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨 wadr, I get it. I'm just not all that concerned about the issue. I enjoy Donghua, and yes, there are even a few deep philosophical truths contained in some of its dialogue and monologues, but in the end, it's utter fantastical pap, just like 99% of other forms of pop entertainment. None of us is going to ascend to a higher plane (sorry to burst any bubbles) none of us its going to learn to wield a spirit sword, or cast ice spike, or or gain 4 century rings of powah! or whatever, none of us is going to do any of the things presented routinely in Donghua or anime. it is pure fantasy and it uses T/Daoism and Bhuddism for the most part as caricature gimmick constructs to support the various "powers" we see displayed by the MC and other characters
I read enough to know where you were going with your rant. Been there myself at times. (see my "Stupid Donghua Rules" thread for instance) In the end, I re-realized that this is all just formulaic serial cartoons, and I shrugged my shoulders. I could walk away... or continue to enjoy the formulaic content that's almost thrown at me by their international distribution efforts... BTW, my point was that comparing something with something else where both use the same mechanism routinely is kind of silly in my opinion (wadr). Cultivation shows (that rely on Isekai in ~1/2 - 2/3 of the cases) are to Donghua what Isekai is to anime... seems ... odd to me. Another one mistaking my post for comparison, I've already dealt with enough misguided folks as you so you can say I'm tapped out of the energy to argue my point across, if you didn't get it forget it. Thus, regard this as my last reply to you. 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨 wadr, I get it. I'm just not all that concerned about the issue. I enjoy Donghua, and yes, there are even a few deep philosophical truths contained in some of its dialogue and monologues, but in the end, it's utter fantastical pap, just like 99% of other forms of pop entertainment. None of us is going to ascend to a higher plane (sorry to burst any bubbles) none of us its going to learn to wield a spirit sword, or cast ice spike, or or gain 4 century rings of powah! or whatever, none of us is going to do any of the things presented routinely in Donghua or anime. it is pure fantasy and it uses T/Daoism and Bhuddism for the most part as caricature gimmick constructs to support the various "powers" we see displayed by the MC and other characters
Another one mistaking my post for comparison, I've already dealt with enough misguided folks as you so you can say I'm tapped out of the energy to argue my point across, if you didn't get it forget it. Thus, regard this as my last reply to you. 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨 wadr, I get it. I'm just not all that concerned about the issue. I enjoy Donghua, and yes, there are even a few deep philosophical truths contained in some of its dialogue and monologues, but in the end, it's utter fantastical pap, just like 99% of other forms of pop entertainment. None of us is going to ascend to a higher plane (sorry to burst any bubbles) none of us its going to learn to wield a spirit sword, or cast ice spike, or or gain 4 century rings of powah! or whatever, none of us is going to do any of the things presented routinely in Donghua or anime. it is pure fantasy and it uses T/Daoism and Bhuddism for the most part as caricature gimmick constructs to support the various "powers" we see displayed by the MC and other characters
wadr, I get it. I'm just not all that concerned about the issue. I enjoy Donghua, and yes, there are even a few deep philosophical truths contained in some of its dialogue and monologues, but in the end, it's utter fantastical pap, just like 99% of other forms of pop entertainment. None of us is going to ascend to a higher plane (sorry to burst any bubbles) none of us its going to learn to wield a spirit sword, or cast ice spike, or or gain 4 century rings of powah! or whatever, none of us is going to do any of the things presented routinely in Donghua or anime. it is pure fantasy and it uses T/Daoism and Bhuddism for the most part as caricature gimmick constructs to support the various "powers" we see displayed by the MC and other characters
Just like what Regression/System to manhwa Time loop media can be so good and then you have the regression/system stuff, what a waste of an interesting trope Regression and to a lesser degree system was directly transferred over from chinese webnovels so I have a hard time calling regression a manhwa thing. Sure, the big regression web novels that we think of today are generally korean, but the exact trope in the exact copy pasta format existed to a larger degree in chinese web novels. Whereas while system existed in chinese webnovels it was an uncommon setup and korean webnovels expanded on it a lot. I couldn't have said it better even if I wanted to bro, and some people are predicting it'll be the next wave to replace Isekai shows in the future, but considering how much it's already overdone in the Manhwa sphere and so many people already fed up with it, I just can't see it ever happening.
Time loop media can be so good and then you have the regression/system stuff, what a waste of an interesting trope
Regression and to a lesser degree system was directly transferred over from chinese webnovels so I have a hard time calling regression a manhwa thing. Sure, the big regression web novels that we think of today are generally korean, but the exact trope in the exact copy pasta format existed to a larger degree in chinese web novels. Whereas while system existed in chinese webnovels it was an uncommon setup and korean webnovels expanded on it a lot.
I couldn't have said it better even if I wanted to bro, and some people are predicting it'll be the next wave to replace Isekai shows in the future, but considering how much it's already overdone in the Manhwa sphere and so many people already fed up with it, I just can't see it ever happening.
Xianxia has had its hooks in me for a long time, and it's nice to see all of the ones I've read animated now I can't say I've ever heard of it, does it have an English name?
I can't say I've ever heard of it, does it have an English name?
Honestly, this kind of content saturation and repetition is something every entertainment industry goes through at some point — anime in Japan went through the same thing decades ago. What’s happening in donghua right now is just a natural stage in its growth. Also, it’s worth noting that many of these “template” cultivation donghua are adapted from webnovels that were already formulaic to begin with. Most of them were never meant to be deep or groundbreaking stories — they’re casual reads, often labeled as “xiaobaiwen” (lit. “white-text fiction” = low-barrier, light escapism). So yes, the animation versions feel repetitive because the source material already was. For now, what matters most to a lot of viewers is that there’s a steady stream of content to watch. In a developing market, having a series that actually keeps updating consistently is already a huge plus — especially compared to shows that start off promising and then vanish after a few episodes. Over time, competition will naturally push for better quality, and we’ve already started to see that. Shows like Ling Cage and A Record of a Mortal’s Journey to Immortality (RMJI) stand out, especially RMJI it’s not only high-quality, but also manage to keep producing new episodes without major breaks. That kind of balance — sustainability and quality — is extremely rare and honestly what the industry needs more of. There's a comment thread below where we discussed pretty much similar to this comment, though not as detailed, Japan is also still going through a repetitive phase in the form of Isekai genre, majority of the shows look good visually no doubt, but people are starting to feel the saturation and thus can't consume shows as much as they used to because 80-90% of those releases feel like you've seen them multiple times before, this is a constant complaint in the communities I'm part of here on Reddit, To an extent, one can even dub the recent spike is Donghua viewership as the indirect effect of that, due to more & more studios investing in common Isekai storylines capitalizing on nostalgic feel than adapting and telling compelling stories, audience base is starting to dwindle due to the lingering desire to watch something fresh, of course I say this with confidence as I'm part of those viewers that jumped to Donghua medium for that escape, and honestly this has been one of the best decisions I've made in recent times, Now, I'm not saying the ANIME market will decline, but the studios will feel the loss at one point or another, especially with such a spike in Donghua popularity, my disappointment stems from realizing Donghua also has its troupes(for which I didn't mind in the beginning), but the more I watch the more I realize, well perhaps Donghua might not grow to rival the ANIME market one day(not that this is their goal or anything), but ultimately I made peace with because as you just mentioned, this is common amongst many industries, But of course this is all just the vent of some guy in the southern coast of Africa, an opinion that'll never even make any difference, I just discovered some great stories that fell to being average due to the common troupes, as stated before I discussed this with some bro earlier in one of the comment below expressing that ultimately we're grateful to have this adaptations as many great Novels, Manhwa & Manga might never have the opportunity, similar to your sentiment now, so yeah, overall the shows are still good enough despite their predictability, so this is a win-win in some way. Ling Cage is currently My Best Donghua since I've started watching the medium, and it's production value also explains why there isn't much of it to watch yet, I've even had to pick up the Novel, RMJI is so-and-so for me, the story is beautiful, the world building aspect is amongst the best I've ever seen across multiple mediums, the gripe I have is with it is the MC, though despite his annoyance I still love the Series regardless.
There's a comment thread below where we discussed pretty much similar to this comment, though not as detailed, Japan is also still going through a repetitive phase in the form of Isekai genre, majority of the shows look good visually no doubt, but people are starting to feel the saturation and thus can't consume shows as much as they used to because 80-90% of those releases feel like you've seen them multiple times before, this is a constant complaint in the communities I'm part of here on Reddit, To an extent, one can even dub the recent spike is Donghua viewership as the indirect effect of that, due to more & more studios investing in common Isekai storylines capitalizing on nostalgic feel than adapting and telling compelling stories, audience base is starting to dwindle due to the lingering desire to watch something fresh, of course I say this with confidence as I'm part of those viewers that jumped to Donghua medium for that escape, and honestly this has been one of the best decisions I've made in recent times, Now, I'm not saying the ANIME market will decline, but the studios will feel the loss at one point or another, especially with such a spike in Donghua popularity, my disappointment stems from realizing Donghua also has its troupes(for which I didn't mind in the beginning), but the more I watch the more I realize, well perhaps Donghua might not grow to rival the ANIME market one day(not that this is their goal or anything), but ultimately I made peace with because as you just mentioned, this is common amongst many industries, But of course this is all just the vent of some guy in the southern coast of Africa, an opinion that'll never even make any difference, I just discovered some great stories that fell to being average due to the common troupes, as stated before I discussed this with some bro earlier in one of the comment below expressing that ultimately we're grateful to have this adaptations as many great Novels, Manhwa & Manga might never have the opportunity, similar to your sentiment now, so yeah, overall the shows are still good enough despite their predictability, so this is a win-win in some way. Ling Cage is currently My Best Donghua since I've started watching the medium, and it's production value also explains why there isn't much of it to watch yet, I've even had to pick up the Novel, RMJI is so-and-so for me, the story is beautiful, the world building aspect is amongst the best I've ever seen across multiple mediums, the gripe I have is with it is the MC, though despite his annoyance I still love the Series regardless.
It’s actually shounen. Not isekai Shounen just means that a show is marketed towards a young, generally male, generally action or comedy-forward audience. It’s more of a demographic term. Isekai and cultivation donghua both have very built-out trope structures, are both often power fantasy-type stories, often with harems, that are very popular. Isekai is a niche genre within the ANIME culture, go research a little more bud'.
Shounen just means that a show is marketed towards a young, generally male, generally action or comedy-forward audience. It’s more of a demographic term. Isekai and cultivation donghua both have very built-out trope structures, are both often power fantasy-type stories, often with harems, that are very popular.
Isekai is a niche genre within the ANIME culture, go research a little more bud'.
You may be watching low-budget donghua of 5-10 minutes, so they are basically all a template. Except for BTTH for more than 20 minutes, there are few similar ones. Unfortunately in my opinion, BTTH is currently the worst/horrible Donghua I've ever watched. 😥😥😥 Although my post isn't meant to say the points I've listed are bad, they just get quite annoying when at times as some great stories fall prey to them thus making them predictable, which in turn lessens that element of surprise, generally making that ‘great story’ as just average.
Unfortunately in my opinion, BTTH is currently the worst/horrible Donghua I've ever watched. 😥😥😥 Although my post isn't meant to say the points I've listed are bad, they just get quite annoying when at times as some great stories fall prey to them thus making them predictable, which in turn lessens that element of surprise, generally making that ‘great story’ as just average.
All popular genres have their tropes, that’s usually what sets them in the genre. That being said, I like seeing a young master get face slapped. I like seeing the elder try to kill MC’s parents, so the MC can get revenge. And I like seeing the sect leader call for ancestor to get justice on MC, only to get obliterated by MC’s grandpa in a ring. I hope they figure out new and entertaining ways to kowtow 100 times to save their 9 generations. I get what you mean, and honestly I'm not saying they're bad, just pointing out how they often ruin great stories by making them predictable and eliminating that element of surprise...
I get what you mean, and honestly I'm not saying they're bad, just pointing out how they often ruin great stories by making them predictable and eliminating that element of surprise...
用户已删除评论 Supposedly its like a cultural thing in China, and they love every part of it, and since their priority is pretty much the Chinese audience, I don't think they'll be changing it anytime soon. 🤦🏿‍♂️😂
Supposedly its like a cultural thing in China, and they love every part of it, and since their priority is pretty much the Chinese audience, I don't think they'll be changing it anytime soon. 🤦🏿‍♂️😂
i.e.  bombed and depleted Way too many overused troupes.
Way too many overused troupes.
Base on your summary u watch alot mine giving your good and bad kind category ? It’s helps to know which good and bad.
Xianxia, wuxia, or xuanhuan have been a thing in China for generations, this isn't a new thing for China. While cultivation may seem similar to isekai in that it appeals to the lowest common denominator, xianxia, wuxia or xuanhuan at its core is about a zero to hero story, it is no different from a sports anime where the protagonist grow from a nobody to a koshien champion, or something like that. This is why I have preference of cultivation over isekai where the MC are usually OP from the start and we see no growth at all from the characters. Just like other genres, cultivation does have its own slops like many of the urban cultivator type of story, but I'd argue those are not nearly as popular as the better ones. It seems like you have some specific donghua in mind when you're talking about it, mind naming those donghua? Not to be rude, but there's a comment thread below very similar to yours, might I suggest you check it out if possible.
Not to be rude, but there's a comment thread below very similar to yours, might I suggest you check it out if possible.
Take that back otherwise don't blame me for being rude!!! Though I recognize the reference from the shows and assuming this is probably a joke, I'm legit not sure how to respond to it, so I'll just respond. 🤔🤣🤣
Though I recognize the reference from the shows and assuming this is probably a joke, I'm legit not sure how to respond to it, so I'll just respond. 🤔🤣🤣
Indeed, but the difference between anime isekai and donghua cultivation is that donghua cultivation actually has good fights, MC struggles, and gets brutalized/humiliated by his enemies, while most of the OP Isekai MC bulldozes everything and makes babies with his harem. Also, Isekai MC cheat code actually OP and works from the beginning to the end, while donghua MC's cheat code is just an excuse for him to cultivate faster, but often useless in the fights that matter. Why are you specifying the difference, its not like I'm comparing the 2 am I? Do you truly understand the topic of this post? 🤔🤔🤔
Why are you specifying the difference, its not like I'm comparing the 2 am I? Do you truly understand the topic of this post? 🤔🤔🤔
idk man. Isekai (or Isekai lite) is often used in Donghua 3D of the 230 or so Donghua 3D titles I've watched, some form of transmigration or rebirth is used on at least a half (probably closer to 2/3 or 3/4) of the MCs, within the first (introductory) episode. Please reread my topic bro, you seem to have missed the point.
Please reread my topic bro, you seem to have missed the point.
