================================================================================  评论列表:
I liked kang jing star 😎😍🙃 track me This. Those eyes and lips are just mesmerizing. She is a tall (and long) cutie. <3 If you look carefully in the opening battle, the scale of humanoid boss is more for game play purpose. They appear as human sized in cut scenes. Or Wukong is a manlet size Haha, in the original novel, Wukong was about 4 ft tall. A short king if you will. Bajie on the other hand was like 7 ft, an absolute unit of a pig. But in black myth and media it is reversed kinda Very loong She's above average I guess. I was wondering about it so I Googled and found out that Wukong is like 4 feet 2 inches tall. And we know he's taller than the Destined One by a bit. I'm guessing She's about 5'7~5'9. Everything looks big in this game when you're a really small monkey. Wukong became 8 ft tall after becoming a fighting Buddha I’ve been on her for days. Is so frustrated. Any tips? Be patient, that’s the best tip for every boss.  Don’t go for your full long combos on her, she tends to get tired after her large attacks which gives you a window to beat her down. Use everything you have - your yaoguais, your spells, your transformations and your bell to knock her down. You should also make sure to maximize your Health Pool as she hits like a truck iirc. Also don't forget to equip some shock resist if you have any. First playthrough? She hit soft Tip not only for this boss but most .. they do combo of 3 moves .. once done its ur time to attack For star just wait she done her first attack then freeze her and damage .. on air dodge and wait her back down put pom, use qi and hit u should take half of her life Time the dodges and u would beat her I cheesed her. Loaded all points into pluck of many, then everything into resist and defence. After her first volley she's on the ground, use clones and mash her up. Should get her down to 40%. Then just pray to god. Yep, she is easy on the eye in human form, and just pure awesome in dragon form.
This. Those eyes and lips are just mesmerizing.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: No-Professional5967 点赞: 35 时间: 2024-09-13T14:43:13.075000+0000 内容: She is a tall (and long) cutie. <3 If you look carefully in the opening battle, the scale of humanoid boss is more for game play purpose. They appear as human sized in cut scenes. Or Wukong is a manlet size Haha, in the original novel, Wukong was about 4 ft tall. A short king if you will. Bajie on the other hand was like 7 ft, an absolute unit of a pig. But in black myth and media it is reversed kinda Very loong She's above average I guess. I was wondering about it so I Googled and found out that Wukong is like 4 feet 2 inches tall. And we know he's taller than the Destined One by a bit. I'm guessing She's about 5'7~5'9. Everything looks big in this game when you're a really small monkey. Wukong became 8 ft tall after becoming a fighting Buddha
If you look carefully in the opening battle, the scale of humanoid boss is more for game play purpose. They appear as human sized in cut scenes. Or Wukong is a manlet size Haha, in the original novel, Wukong was about 4 ft tall. A short king if you will. Bajie on the other hand was like 7 ft, an absolute unit of a pig. But in black myth and media it is reversed kinda
Or Wukong is a manlet size Haha, in the original novel, Wukong was about 4 ft tall. A short king if you will. Bajie on the other hand was like 7 ft, an absolute unit of a pig. But in black myth and media it is reversed kinda
Haha, in the original novel, Wukong was about 4 ft tall. A short king if you will. Bajie on the other hand was like 7 ft, an absolute unit of a pig. But in black myth and media it is reversed kinda
But in black myth and media it is reversed kinda
Very loong
She's above average I guess. I was wondering about it so I Googled and found out that Wukong is like 4 feet 2 inches tall. And we know he's taller than the Destined One by a bit. I'm guessing She's about 5'7~5'9. Everything looks big in this game when you're a really small monkey. Wukong became 8 ft tall after becoming a fighting Buddha
Wukong became 8 ft tall after becoming a fighting Buddha
I’ve been on her for days. Is so frustrated. Any tips? Be patient, that’s the best tip for every boss.  Don’t go for your full long combos on her, she tends to get tired after her large attacks which gives you a window to beat her down. Use everything you have - your yaoguais, your spells, your transformations and your bell to knock her down. You should also make sure to maximize your Health Pool as she hits like a truck iirc. Also don't forget to equip some shock resist if you have any. First playthrough? She hit soft Tip not only for this boss but most .. they do combo of 3 moves .. once done its ur time to attack For star just wait she done her first attack then freeze her and damage .. on air dodge and wait her back down put pom, use qi and hit u should take half of her life Time the dodges and u would beat her I cheesed her. Loaded all points into pluck of many, then everything into resist and defence. After her first volley she's on the ground, use clones and mash her up. Should get her down to 40%. Then just pray to god.
Be patient, that’s the best tip for every boss.  Don’t go for your full long combos on her, she tends to get tired after her large attacks which gives you a window to beat her down.
Use everything you have - your yaoguais, your spells, your transformations and your bell to knock her down. You should also make sure to maximize your Health Pool as she hits like a truck iirc. Also don't forget to equip some shock resist if you have any.
First playthrough? She hit soft Tip not only for this boss but most .. they do combo of 3 moves .. once done its ur time to attack For star just wait she done her first attack then freeze her and damage .. on air dodge and wait her back down put pom, use qi and hit u should take half of her life Time the dodges and u would beat her
I cheesed her. Loaded all points into pluck of many, then everything into resist and defence. After her first volley she's on the ground, use clones and mash her up. Should get her down to 40%. Then just pray to god.
Yep, she is easy on the eye in human form, and just pure awesome in dragon form.
Her character design is a 10/10. Because her model is 10/10 Not sure about character design.  We barely had glimpse of her.  Second sister on the other hand has way more dialogue lines. 2nd Sis also 10/10 Yeah, I’m just talking about her character model and art direction. And it’s not just her, all the character designs in BMW are fantastic.
Because her model is 10/10
Not sure about character design.  We barely had glimpse of her.  Second sister on the other hand has way more dialogue lines. 2nd Sis also 10/10 Yeah, I’m just talking about her character model and art direction. And it’s not just her, all the character designs in BMW are fantastic.
2nd Sis also 10/10
Yeah, I’m just talking about her character model and art direction. And it’s not just her, all the character designs in BMW are fantastic.
I thought the fox girl was cuter, even though...well you know. Technically she exist, we just don't know where She is in the game, after beating chapter 5 ending boss I came back to that area and she was standing there with no interaction. I think it's an oversight as I too found her there. Why I think it wasn't intentional is that it's likely a cutscene model since there is no idle animation and uses the same pose as in the cutscene (however in the actual intended scene the model is used there is motion capture taking care of it). THis is a long winded way to say it's a bug/glitch. Yeah she doesnt have any collision either Not me thinking she was starring somewhere I needed to go. Kept looking for a second secret area for 2h It's just the relic of old cutscene.  She would stand there BEFORE we get into the boss fight.  And when we walk in, that's her reasoning with  her father. (And we know it's Red boy in disguise). I prefer the mother, so pretty bull king:"oh no" NTR detected Bro code: No to NTR. Definitely. And even though she was real in the game, the Fox girl actually exists and looks like that. After all his disguise was so good he had some ppl fooled. what? the child? 💀 He might be a kid too.
Technically she exist, we just don't know where She is in the game, after beating chapter 5 ending boss I came back to that area and she was standing there with no interaction. I think it's an oversight as I too found her there. Why I think it wasn't intentional is that it's likely a cutscene model since there is no idle animation and uses the same pose as in the cutscene (however in the actual intended scene the model is used there is motion capture taking care of it). THis is a long winded way to say it's a bug/glitch. Yeah she doesnt have any collision either Not me thinking she was starring somewhere I needed to go. Kept looking for a second secret area for 2h It's just the relic of old cutscene.  She would stand there BEFORE we get into the boss fight.  And when we walk in, that's her reasoning with  her father. (And we know it's Red boy in disguise).
She is in the game, after beating chapter 5 ending boss I came back to that area and she was standing there with no interaction. I think it's an oversight as I too found her there. Why I think it wasn't intentional is that it's likely a cutscene model since there is no idle animation and uses the same pose as in the cutscene (however in the actual intended scene the model is used there is motion capture taking care of it). THis is a long winded way to say it's a bug/glitch. Yeah she doesnt have any collision either Not me thinking she was starring somewhere I needed to go. Kept looking for a second secret area for 2h It's just the relic of old cutscene.  She would stand there BEFORE we get into the boss fight.  And when we walk in, that's her reasoning with  her father. (And we know it's Red boy in disguise).
I think it's an oversight as I too found her there. Why I think it wasn't intentional is that it's likely a cutscene model since there is no idle animation and uses the same pose as in the cutscene (however in the actual intended scene the model is used there is motion capture taking care of it). THis is a long winded way to say it's a bug/glitch. Yeah she doesnt have any collision either Not me thinking she was starring somewhere I needed to go. Kept looking for a second secret area for 2h
Yeah she doesnt have any collision either
Not me thinking she was starring somewhere I needed to go. Kept looking for a second secret area for 2h
It's just the relic of old cutscene.  She would stand there BEFORE we get into the boss fight.  And when we walk in, that's her reasoning with  her father. (And we know it's Red boy in disguise).
I prefer the mother, so pretty bull king:"oh no" NTR detected Bro code: No to NTR.
bull king:"oh no"
NTR detected
Bro code: No to NTR.
Definitely. And even though she was real in the game, the Fox girl actually exists and looks like that. After all his disguise was so good he had some ppl fooled.
what? the child? 💀 He might be a kid too.
He might be a kid too.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: CallsignKook 点赞: 108 时间: 2024-09-13T12:43:54.413000+0000 内容: This might be a small thing but look at the attention to detail when modeling the feet… Hmm, I guess this game really is a Soulslike after all Devs fetish confirmed 💀 Bruh what is this picture lmao hahahahahahha I just want her to step on me with all eight of her feet Can't.  Your body is too small for her.  She will fall if she puts all 8 of her feet in one spot. Tarantino has entered the chat
Hmm, I guess this game really is a Soulslike after all
Devs fetish confirmed 💀
Bruh what is this picture lmao hahahahahahha
Bruh what is this picture lmao hahahahahahha
I just want her to step on me with all eight of her feet Can't.  Your body is too small for her.  She will fall if she puts all 8 of her feet in one spot.
Can't.  Your body is too small for her.  She will fall if she puts all 8 of her feet in one spot.
Tarantino has entered the chat
Here comes the most perverted comment. 3rd photo enlightened me that her boobs are bigger than I thought. Could be her egg sack in spider form. I think she can change the size freely. i am ... speechless :/ I thought I left the worst comment in this thread Rejoice, it appears to be all natural endowments. That's a sports bra if I've ever seen one. https://m.weibo.cn/u/1791633811 your imagination is fast and furious and we are the unfortunate passengers
Could be her egg sack in spider form. I think she can change the size freely. i am ... speechless :/ I thought I left the worst comment in this thread Rejoice, it appears to be all natural endowments. That's a sports bra if I've ever seen one. https://m.weibo.cn/u/1791633811 your imagination is fast and furious and we are the unfortunate passengers
i am ... speechless :/ I thought I left the worst comment in this thread Rejoice, it appears to be all natural endowments. That's a sports bra if I've ever seen one. https://m.weibo.cn/u/1791633811
Rejoice, it appears to be all natural endowments. That's a sports bra if I've ever seen one. https://m.weibo.cn/u/1791633811
your imagination is fast and furious and we are the unfortunate passengers
She a golden pill now 😔 Nah, in dlc we gonna save her 💪🏻 Gonna wreck the Celestial Court to save our beloved. 🔥 Gonna wreck the celestial court and our beloved 🔥 She saved us so many times, it's only fair we do the same. 🙏 Get those vitamins 💪 Xu Dog can fix her
Nah, in dlc we gonna save her 💪🏻 Gonna wreck the Celestial Court to save our beloved. 🔥 Gonna wreck the celestial court and our beloved 🔥 She saved us so many times, it's only fair we do the same. 🙏
Gonna wreck the Celestial Court to save our beloved. 🔥 Gonna wreck the celestial court and our beloved 🔥 She saved us so many times, it's only fair we do the same.
Gonna wreck the celestial court and our beloved 🔥
She saved us so many times, it's only fair we do the same.
🙏
Get those vitamins 💪
Xu Dog can fix her
Smash, next question Next question is the Red Boi
Next question is the Red Boi
Her and Rakshasi....
I’m down bad for the Bull Kings wife Raksashi
Forgive me father, ol I have sinned. 😩
Day 3. Everything reminds me of her. lmao they look like spider themed fleshlights This needs to be higher
lmao they look like spider themed fleshlights
This needs to be higher
I feel I miss something what's happened to her after she grabbed us at the end of the cavern ? The English dub/sub doesn't do a great job of explaining but it's inferred that the crane is currently holding her hostage in heaven and threatening to turn her into a pill if the destined one continues to disrupt their plans. A lot of ppl in the Chinese community are expecting a dlc that involves continuing her story/rescuing her so we will see. Ahhh ok the dialog was so fast I was not sure about what he was talking The crane turned her into a pill for you.
The English dub/sub doesn't do a great job of explaining but it's inferred that the crane is currently holding her hostage in heaven and threatening to turn her into a pill if the destined one continues to disrupt their plans. A lot of ppl in the Chinese community are expecting a dlc that involves continuing her story/rescuing her so we will see. Ahhh ok the dialog was so fast I was not sure about what he was talking
Ahhh ok the dialog was so fast I was not sure about what he was talking
The crane turned her into a pill for you.
She could wu my Kong any day she wants
Absolutely 👌
She's so hot 😩
her and the giant thunder lady ❤️
Down bad indeed
That’s Wukong’s girl tho 🤣 OUR girl now
OUR girl now
I hear you brother. She’s just so cool!
Have you seen her spider form (she appeared 2 times as spider).  Just making sure you are ok with that. During the height of sexual ecstasy she can't hold her human form and turn back to spider form.  It's like Bajie having a hard time landing women, because his handsome human form can't hold when he is in love.  This is why all his dates ran away in terror.
Ngl all the women in BMW can get it. Cheers to game science for encouraging good looking women in video games. Unlike so many others
she hardly appeared!
Be careful, brothers. Most of the women in this game are actually giant spiders in disguise.
What happened to her story wise? I beat the game so I'm open to any info. She might be the white bone lady from the original lore, or a reincarnation of her. Wu Kong’s lover. You see her in the true ending cutscene, the woman in white hugging Wu Kong. In chapter 5 she’s taken away by the crane god to the celestial court and said to be turned into a golden pill if the destined one keeps doing what he does. We don’t know exactly what happened to her after that. I guess we find out in the DLCs.
She might be the white bone lady from the original lore, or a reincarnation of her. Wu Kong’s lover. You see her in the true ending cutscene, the woman in white hugging Wu Kong. In chapter 5 she’s taken away by the crane god to the celestial court and said to be turned into a golden pill if the destined one keeps doing what he does. We don’t know exactly what happened to her after that. I guess we find out in the DLCs.
What happened to her?  She was the only spider sister to aid the destined one and expressed an interest to leave the mountain.  But none of them can with those four talismans in place, right?  And when you release all four, get into a semi fight with the supreme inspector, the winged dude with a hand for a head, the crane immortal shows up and says he will transform her into a pill and gifts you one for stamina.  Right? So she's a part of Wukong now? I vaguely remember in one of the Journey to the West series, one of the spider sisters was all over Wukong but he wasn't interested at all. She was not the pill you got after meeting with Supreme Inspector tho. The crane threatened Wukong that it will bring the 4th spider sister to heaven and transform her into pills (In chinese myth yaoguais can be transform into pills, but it will take a lot of time, and you will need chambers like the Xu dog's one) I guess we will go to heaven and save her in DLC.
She was not the pill you got after meeting with Supreme Inspector tho. The crane threatened Wukong that it will bring the 4th spider sister to heaven and transform her into pills (In chinese myth yaoguais can be transform into pills, but it will take a lot of time, and you will need chambers like the Xu dog's one) I guess we will go to heaven and save her in DLC.
My main complaint would be that she didn’t have enough screen time.
All the sisters had me in a chokehold
I’m pretty sure you’re not alone Considering the sheer amount of fan art of her on multiple social medias And it's world wide they goin crazy in China for her lol
And it's world wide they goin crazy in China for her lol
asian + goth + tiddies
Yes, i love her.
Same
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: BeardlessDon 点赞: 24 时间: 2024-09-13T10:31:40.844000+0000 内容: Touch grass bro Jokes on you I touch dirt I touch my penis. I touch your penis
Jokes on you I touch dirt I touch my penis. I touch your penis
I touch my penis. I touch your penis
I touch your penis
Them toes too 🤣🤣🔥🔥🔥
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Blackblade-Nex 点赞: 3 时间: 2024-09-13T10:59:48.238000+0000 内容: Im into goth girls too, so yeah i understand
boing
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: someguyintech 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-13T12:34:27.879000+0000 内容: Oh yeah
Honestly i could take it or leave it. I honestly prefer the one in the green kimono
I hate how "goth" is thrown around now. Maybe bc of the dark magic and black lips? Tho ur right
Maybe bc of the dark magic and black lips? Tho ur right
Ooh yeah I’m loving her too
She’s a spider so she can die with the rest of them…I hate this chapter 😭😭😭 but I love this game so I gotta suck it up
The third photo just makes me weak. Beautiful character.
I need her story continued in DLC so I can hit her with that photo mode
I like the spider mother🤣🤣🤣
Yes but until I see PingPing
The woman in this game are so attractive😭one thing I noticed seeing all the sisters,even the mother was gorgeous bro I was like DAMN
4th Sister our Beloved
I really love her and I want to hold her in my hands (too soon?
She is canon waifu actually so your thirst is valid
Best girl in Wukong
Ping ping or bust
Bro down bad over some pixels 😂
She reminds me of Merrin from Fallen Order
She reminds me of Merrin from Fallen Order
Definitely not alone bro
Sometimes people just want to stepped on.
My only wish right now is to wield the Jingu-bang for her🦧
I fell for Kang Jin star instead. Her eyes and nose make her look like a real person. Idk men
She's got me down bad. Almost as bad as Stacy's Dad.
You should check out the cosplay the voice actor for the 4th sister did of her character
Never noticed those grippers were just out in the open. Ping Ping still best girl though
Everything about this character is attractive!
On GOD
Waiting for her DLC appearance
You definitely ain't alone 😂😂 and the kang jing?
you are amongst millions, and yes she's so beautiful....but I just noticed: what are those?
She is the most relatable sibling
The creators of the 3D models did a very good job. I hope all the developers of black myth wukong have received an award due to the success of the game.
them toes though😍🤤
Wish this was a BioWare game cuz yeah
I’m a mostly gay androphile but she could peg/step on me any day of the week
Understandable honestly
Real women exist.... just saying.
i never noticed she was semibarefeet... well she just got hotter in my eyes
Thank you. I was saying terrible things about her while playing 🖤
You alone
The only reason I platinumed the game, lol
10/10 would smash
Nah you’re definitely alone on this one.
I tried to jump through my monitor when she came on the screen 😭😂
Na for me is what the fox baddy
No no you are not i am Uktra down bad for her
Today i just finished chapter 3. Is she the last boss chapter 4 ?
Toes
She got some tank.
Damn I have met a girl of Asian descent with those proportions. Yet all their anime and waifs have them. Where the hell are they?
She's #EZWork
版主已移除评论
Literally just seen her daughter way better
版主已移除评论
No, no you are not.
You're not alone brother
I’ve never even touched the game and I’m down bad looking at this
Not  that one
She’s married
Bestie Im with you all the way
Its a game bro
Same
I mean, as a bisexual, golden retriever gal, I’d cuddle
I'd let her beat me on purpose....repeatedly
Definitely not alone, but she wasn't that hard. The yellow loong and scorpion king on the other hand.. the side and secret bosses are so much harder than main story
nice feet
I need dlc to figure out WHAT IS HER STORY BRO!
We are gonna make Colonel Sanders’ Original recipe with Crane celestial in DLC
That the geisha cunt in the snow? Fuck her.
Alllll Day.
I think you need a real live girlfriend.
Her throat game probably crazy.
I liked that Fox chick
I see feet boys, 👀 I see feet. May god bless us all
The goth of my dream
Worse suporting ever  apears 2 to 3 times and nothing more
Real
Straight men are so weird.
how down bad is bro? 😭🙏🏻 (same)
Spoiler: her vagina is so old it’s filled with cobwebs….. she’s a spider
I haven't played Wukong yet, but yeah... I definitely get the appeal...
You are not alone brother 😞
She's hot! But what happened to her? She was captured by the celestial court.  If the destine one continues his defiance, they threaten to kill her and turn her into a pill.  By the way, she's wukong's fiance but the destine one doesn't remember her.
She was captured by the celestial court.  If the destine one continues his defiance, they threaten to kill her and turn her into a pill.  By the way, she's wukong's fiance but the destine one doesn't remember her.
She's hot
