We are really going Monke on this one, what would u rate diz?? ================================================================================  评论列表:
Do people not realize what this game means for Chinese people? I’ve seen comparisons to Harry Potter, LOTR, and other fandoms but it much, much deeper than that. Imagine a story your entire family knows and grew up on themselves, with a plot that is YOUR culture and YOUR religion, with hundreds of different characters you’ve known and loved your entire life. It’s astounding what this game means to the people of China. I live in China and I’ve been playing it non-stop. My wife is Chinese and her grandparents were over for dinner and could name every single character on the TV, no matter the scene. It was insane. track me I think what some people might not realise is how deep these stories are entrenched in Chinese culture. We literally pray to them in temples and they are part of our religion, hear their stories as bedtime stories when we were young and watched countless different adaptations on TV. So this is like playing the Bible as a video game? Only if Jesus was a trickster thief boy who king-fued his way to heaven to find out he was actually a God's son. That'd be sick! How I loved your way putting it, what a twist True, we should revise the bible and give it some more spunk! It'll totally appeal to the youths these days. Idk if you’ve read the Bible, but it has plenty of spunk. Possibly too much, the Bible game would be fucking wild haha. An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy You'll regret blaspheming the Lord once your HP goes down to 0 and you respawn, only to end up in hell having to take demon dick up your asshole for all eternity. Don't tempt me with a good time No more like playing something much older like Greek or Roman mythology. It's more like Illiad or Odyssey than the Bible (which is a really 'recent' book/story compared to Journey to th West or some mythology Not entirely sure about that comparison since a lot of modern Chinese actually worship the very figures represented in the tale (not that Journey to the West invented most of these characters, though). I don’t know if modern Greeks worship say Zeus or Athena (perhaps someone can shed some light on this). Can confirm, I went to the temples in shanghai as a kid and bowed lol Many tourists will do it to participate in the culture, but there are monks and people who will do the rituals for real. We don’t. It’s like studying history nowadays. Low key, I would play the fuck out of a Bible-based action RPG. Put Fromsoft on it ASAP! Let’s also not forget that the game is a really good game.  The gameplay is polished and We can tell from the details like the animations at the end of each chapter and lore for each Yaoguai that this was a labor of love.  Hard work was put into make this a genuinely good game and the result shows. Also Goku's design from dragon ball is based on Sun Wukong. I'm glad game set off on its own Journey to the West. Goku in general is based off of him Monkey, name means Wukong in chinese, staff, cloud, etc I'm a white American and I can name most of the characters. In chapter 3 when I heard the voice of the character trapped in the golden symbols, I said to myself, that really sounds like the voice I would expect Bajie to have, and then I laughed when he crawled out as a little guy. I will admit that I got Erlang wrong, though. I thought that was going to be Nezha. I don't actually remember Erlang from the book. Genuine question: If the story is popular to the extent that a AAA game covering it would spark this kind of reaction in China and break all-time video game sales records, why did it not happen before 2024? A lot of factors, for one console gaming was legally banned before the ps4 era. So there is really little public interest in traditional aaa games. When talking about gaming in China the market has long been dominated by online multiplayer games and mobile games. China did have some pretty awesome single player game output in late 90s and early 00s but profitability was heavily plagued by piracy. So the money quickly switched to mobile/online games. Public interest on single player aaa games only grow in very recent years I think largely due to steam somehow maintaining its operation in China despite the otherwise heavy censorship. So it’s really not that surprising this singularity event happened so late. Respectfully, the other responses didn't seem like they were really providing a solid answer, but yours adds up and makes sense to me. Thanks for sharing your insight on the situation. I hope this is just the start of an era of great games coming from the region, then Though the BMW achived such a success, the profit may less than some mobile game's one month profit, e.g. this one(wiki) Moreover, the costs and risks of AAA games are much greater than mobile games. Before BMW, there was no such successful case as a reference. Individual developers and small teams could not holds such a huge work, and large companies prefer game types that already had successful cases. There was a period when PC games were booming in China(mainly produced by HongKong or TaiWan), but at that time, Chinese mainland people's income was very low. Although some people already have computers at home, only some kids want to play video games, while adults who refuse to accept new things, generally think games are harmful. At that period, a genuine 3A PC game may cost a chinaman one week or even half a month's salary, even adults are hard to afford it. Also for this reason, console games are not popular in China at that period, cuz people cannot afford it. So, people chose to pirate it, then the game companies were unable to recover the costs. For these reasons, video games and related derivatives (such as game rooms) become a gray industry, and gray industries are usually accompanied by chaos and even illegality. These phenomena have intensified the idea among adults that "games are harmful", so that for a long time, China's policy on electronic games has been quite strict. A dark period for China’s gaming industry. Later, Chinese people began to use the Internet, and they tended to play newer(at the viewpoint of chinese) online games. Soon they forgot PC/Console games, these games have become a relatively niche genre. Then comes the era of mobile games. In this context, choosing to invest huge sums of money to produce a AAA game is a very crazy and risky move. You may not believe it, but 20 years ago, electronic games, including online games and stand-alone PC games, were considered "electronic drugs" by most parents, and even considered children born in the 1980s and 1990s to be "a generation harmed by electronic heroin." Of course, you don't hear such voices now. Because this generation has grown up, and it is this generation of people who love games that created such excellent games. Also something I didn't see others mention: capitalism. AAA console games takes much more effort and time to make compared to something like a mobile game, and yet have much higher risk of not earning as much return. Think Arena of Valor or Genshin Impact, both Chinese mobile games, they have really stable streams of income and takes much less time to launch. There are other video games with sun wukong, they just weren't good It has been lightly tried before with some western influence. Ninja theory (1hellblade) made one of my favorite games Enslaved: Odyssey of the west, with elements of Journey to the west but it was westernized. I think now that China has actual developers willing to make what they want, and China having a open-ish market now for console gaming, we are gonna start seeing a lot more stories like this with less western influence. Though, I do highly recommend Enslaved. It's really damn good if not a little old. China is pretty absent in the AAA gaming market in general, and if this game was made by American developers, I doubt the Chinese would receive it as well. Black myth is chinas first AAA game. 版主已移除评论 Blame gacha. Genshin basically killed most investor's motivation to invest in single player game. Do note that even now, wukong still hasn't earn as much as genshin (compared at the same timescale), that's how predatory and lucrative gacha is. That basically steered ppl away from making actual quality game. to be honest there has been some rather sub-par efforts to bring journey to the west related stuff to gaming. Black Myth Wu kong just happens to be the one that truly lives up to the name and also sparked the hype. for western related media: netlfix has "The Monkey King"/ "The New Legends of Monkey" amazon has "Into the Badlands" gaming has this game called "Enslaved" comics... "Dragoball" - Goku is "Wu Kong" in chinese. a lot of stuff are inspired by JttW, but BMW as the most recently one is the one that... blew up and also blow up interest in the source material. I am also drawing a comic that references JttW (check my older posts if interested) and a few months back I was speaking to western friends who DID NOT know what JttW is. I am from your neighbouring Country India and can  surely understand what this game means and am very happy for its success. Also as there is also a very similar Monkey God ‘Hanuman’ in Hinduism who is also loved and prayed by all the people of the country , I can understand that this type of reaction and support would have come if a game was based on him also. Also I have loved this game very much till now as the characters are mostly unknown to us , but as Buddhism somewhere or the originated from Hinduism and India only , so many cultural traditions and similarities can be found in the game , which are different yet known to us. And seeing this game become popular helps the world to know Our culture too. I hope this game achieves more feats and grows more. There is one hypothesis that Wukong is inspired by Hanuman. Nobody knows the truth now. Maybe it comes from many sources and Hanuman is one of them. As a western gamer, I would gladly love to see more games with influences from both countries. I have a deep love for the Living Dharma, to the limited extent that I know about it. This is the type of diversity gamers need. Even though there's no direct evidence to suggest that Sun Wukong was inspired by Hanuman, it is true that Chinese Buddhist culture has its origins in India. As a Chinese person, I genuinely hope that India can create new works that represent and interpret its own rich cultural heritage! I mean Journey to the West literally means Journey to India. India is considered sacred in Chinese lore. For reference, when I was young I had journey to the west audiobook on cassette, would play it for an hour before I got to sleep in bed.
I think what some people might not realise is how deep these stories are entrenched in Chinese culture. We literally pray to them in temples and they are part of our religion, hear their stories as bedtime stories when we were young and watched countless different adaptations on TV. So this is like playing the Bible as a video game? Only if Jesus was a trickster thief boy who king-fued his way to heaven to find out he was actually a God's son. That'd be sick! How I loved your way putting it, what a twist True, we should revise the bible and give it some more spunk! It'll totally appeal to the youths these days. Idk if you’ve read the Bible, but it has plenty of spunk. Possibly too much, the Bible game would be fucking wild haha. An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy You'll regret blaspheming the Lord once your HP goes down to 0 and you respawn, only to end up in hell having to take demon dick up your asshole for all eternity. Don't tempt me with a good time No more like playing something much older like Greek or Roman mythology. It's more like Illiad or Odyssey than the Bible (which is a really 'recent' book/story compared to Journey to th West or some mythology Not entirely sure about that comparison since a lot of modern Chinese actually worship the very figures represented in the tale (not that Journey to the West invented most of these characters, though). I don’t know if modern Greeks worship say Zeus or Athena (perhaps someone can shed some light on this). Can confirm, I went to the temples in shanghai as a kid and bowed lol Many tourists will do it to participate in the culture, but there are monks and people who will do the rituals for real. We don’t. It’s like studying history nowadays. Low key, I would play the fuck out of a Bible-based action RPG. Put Fromsoft on it ASAP!
So this is like playing the Bible as a video game? Only if Jesus was a trickster thief boy who king-fued his way to heaven to find out he was actually a God's son. That'd be sick! How I loved your way putting it, what a twist True, we should revise the bible and give it some more spunk! It'll totally appeal to the youths these days. Idk if you’ve read the Bible, but it has plenty of spunk. Possibly too much, the Bible game would be fucking wild haha. An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy You'll regret blaspheming the Lord once your HP goes down to 0 and you respawn, only to end up in hell having to take demon dick up your asshole for all eternity. Don't tempt me with a good time No more like playing something much older like Greek or Roman mythology. It's more like Illiad or Odyssey than the Bible (which is a really 'recent' book/story compared to Journey to th West or some mythology Not entirely sure about that comparison since a lot of modern Chinese actually worship the very figures represented in the tale (not that Journey to the West invented most of these characters, though). I don’t know if modern Greeks worship say Zeus or Athena (perhaps someone can shed some light on this). Can confirm, I went to the temples in shanghai as a kid and bowed lol Many tourists will do it to participate in the culture, but there are monks and people who will do the rituals for real. We don’t. It’s like studying history nowadays. Low key, I would play the fuck out of a Bible-based action RPG. Put Fromsoft on it ASAP!
Only if Jesus was a trickster thief boy who king-fued his way to heaven to find out he was actually a God's son. That'd be sick! How I loved your way putting it, what a twist True, we should revise the bible and give it some more spunk! It'll totally appeal to the youths these days. Idk if you’ve read the Bible, but it has plenty of spunk. Possibly too much, the Bible game would be fucking wild haha. An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy You'll regret blaspheming the Lord once your HP goes down to 0 and you respawn, only to end up in hell having to take demon dick up your asshole for all eternity. Don't tempt me with a good time
How I loved your way putting it, what a twist
True, we should revise the bible and give it some more spunk! It'll totally appeal to the youths these days. Idk if you’ve read the Bible, but it has plenty of spunk. Possibly too much, the Bible game would be fucking wild haha. An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy You'll regret blaspheming the Lord once your HP goes down to 0 and you respawn, only to end up in hell having to take demon dick up your asshole for all eternity. Don't tempt me with a good time
Idk if you’ve read the Bible, but it has plenty of spunk. Possibly too much, the Bible game would be fucking wild haha. An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy
An Old Testament soulslike could go crazy
You'll regret blaspheming the Lord once your HP goes down to 0 and you respawn, only to end up in hell having to take demon dick up your asshole for all eternity. Don't tempt me with a good time
Don't tempt me with a good time
No more like playing something much older like Greek or Roman mythology. It's more like Illiad or Odyssey than the Bible (which is a really 'recent' book/story compared to Journey to th West or some mythology Not entirely sure about that comparison since a lot of modern Chinese actually worship the very figures represented in the tale (not that Journey to the West invented most of these characters, though). I don’t know if modern Greeks worship say Zeus or Athena (perhaps someone can shed some light on this). Can confirm, I went to the temples in shanghai as a kid and bowed lol Many tourists will do it to participate in the culture, but there are monks and people who will do the rituals for real. We don’t. It’s like studying history nowadays.
Not entirely sure about that comparison since a lot of modern Chinese actually worship the very figures represented in the tale (not that Journey to the West invented most of these characters, though). I don’t know if modern Greeks worship say Zeus or Athena (perhaps someone can shed some light on this). Can confirm, I went to the temples in shanghai as a kid and bowed lol Many tourists will do it to participate in the culture, but there are monks and people who will do the rituals for real. We don’t. It’s like studying history nowadays.
Can confirm, I went to the temples in shanghai as a kid and bowed lol Many tourists will do it to participate in the culture, but there are monks and people who will do the rituals for real.
We don’t. It’s like studying history nowadays.
Low key, I would play the fuck out of a Bible-based action RPG. Put Fromsoft on it ASAP!
Let’s also not forget that the game is a really good game.  The gameplay is polished and We can tell from the details like the animations at the end of each chapter and lore for each Yaoguai that this was a labor of love.  Hard work was put into make this a genuinely good game and the result shows.
Also Goku's design from dragon ball is based on Sun Wukong. I'm glad game set off on its own Journey to the West. Goku in general is based off of him Monkey, name means Wukong in chinese, staff, cloud, etc
Goku in general is based off of him Monkey, name means Wukong in chinese, staff, cloud, etc
I'm a white American and I can name most of the characters. In chapter 3 when I heard the voice of the character trapped in the golden symbols, I said to myself, that really sounds like the voice I would expect Bajie to have, and then I laughed when he crawled out as a little guy. I will admit that I got Erlang wrong, though. I thought that was going to be Nezha. I don't actually remember Erlang from the book.
Genuine question: If the story is popular to the extent that a AAA game covering it would spark this kind of reaction in China and break all-time video game sales records, why did it not happen before 2024? A lot of factors, for one console gaming was legally banned before the ps4 era. So there is really little public interest in traditional aaa games. When talking about gaming in China the market has long been dominated by online multiplayer games and mobile games. China did have some pretty awesome single player game output in late 90s and early 00s but profitability was heavily plagued by piracy. So the money quickly switched to mobile/online games. Public interest on single player aaa games only grow in very recent years I think largely due to steam somehow maintaining its operation in China despite the otherwise heavy censorship. So it’s really not that surprising this singularity event happened so late. Respectfully, the other responses didn't seem like they were really providing a solid answer, but yours adds up and makes sense to me. Thanks for sharing your insight on the situation. I hope this is just the start of an era of great games coming from the region, then Though the BMW achived such a success, the profit may less than some mobile game's one month profit, e.g. this one(wiki) Moreover, the costs and risks of AAA games are much greater than mobile games. Before BMW, there was no such successful case as a reference. Individual developers and small teams could not holds such a huge work, and large companies prefer game types that already had successful cases. There was a period when PC games were booming in China(mainly produced by HongKong or TaiWan), but at that time, Chinese mainland people's income was very low. Although some people already have computers at home, only some kids want to play video games, while adults who refuse to accept new things, generally think games are harmful. At that period, a genuine 3A PC game may cost a chinaman one week or even half a month's salary, even adults are hard to afford it. Also for this reason, console games are not popular in China at that period, cuz people cannot afford it. So, people chose to pirate it, then the game companies were unable to recover the costs. For these reasons, video games and related derivatives (such as game rooms) become a gray industry, and gray industries are usually accompanied by chaos and even illegality. These phenomena have intensified the idea among adults that "games are harmful", so that for a long time, China's policy on electronic games has been quite strict. A dark period for China’s gaming industry. Later, Chinese people began to use the Internet, and they tended to play newer(at the viewpoint of chinese) online games. Soon they forgot PC/Console games, these games have become a relatively niche genre. Then comes the era of mobile games. In this context, choosing to invest huge sums of money to produce a AAA game is a very crazy and risky move. You may not believe it, but 20 years ago, electronic games, including online games and stand-alone PC games, were considered "electronic drugs" by most parents, and even considered children born in the 1980s and 1990s to be "a generation harmed by electronic heroin." Of course, you don't hear such voices now. Because this generation has grown up, and it is this generation of people who love games that created such excellent games. Also something I didn't see others mention: capitalism. AAA console games takes much more effort and time to make compared to something like a mobile game, and yet have much higher risk of not earning as much return. Think Arena of Valor or Genshin Impact, both Chinese mobile games, they have really stable streams of income and takes much less time to launch. There are other video games with sun wukong, they just weren't good It has been lightly tried before with some western influence. Ninja theory (1hellblade) made one of my favorite games Enslaved: Odyssey of the west, with elements of Journey to the west but it was westernized. I think now that China has actual developers willing to make what they want, and China having a open-ish market now for console gaming, we are gonna start seeing a lot more stories like this with less western influence. Though, I do highly recommend Enslaved. It's really damn good if not a little old. China is pretty absent in the AAA gaming market in general, and if this game was made by American developers, I doubt the Chinese would receive it as well. Black myth is chinas first AAA game. 版主已移除评论 Blame gacha. Genshin basically killed most investor's motivation to invest in single player game. Do note that even now, wukong still hasn't earn as much as genshin (compared at the same timescale), that's how predatory and lucrative gacha is. That basically steered ppl away from making actual quality game. to be honest there has been some rather sub-par efforts to bring journey to the west related stuff to gaming. Black Myth Wu kong just happens to be the one that truly lives up to the name and also sparked the hype. for western related media: netlfix has "The Monkey King"/ "The New Legends of Monkey" amazon has "Into the Badlands" gaming has this game called "Enslaved" comics... "Dragoball" - Goku is "Wu Kong" in chinese. a lot of stuff are inspired by JttW, but BMW as the most recently one is the one that... blew up and also blow up interest in the source material. I am also drawing a comic that references JttW (check my older posts if interested) and a few months back I was speaking to western friends who DID NOT know what JttW is.
A lot of factors, for one console gaming was legally banned before the ps4 era. So there is really little public interest in traditional aaa games. When talking about gaming in China the market has long been dominated by online multiplayer games and mobile games. China did have some pretty awesome single player game output in late 90s and early 00s but profitability was heavily plagued by piracy. So the money quickly switched to mobile/online games. Public interest on single player aaa games only grow in very recent years I think largely due to steam somehow maintaining its operation in China despite the otherwise heavy censorship. So it’s really not that surprising this singularity event happened so late. Respectfully, the other responses didn't seem like they were really providing a solid answer, but yours adds up and makes sense to me. Thanks for sharing your insight on the situation. I hope this is just the start of an era of great games coming from the region, then Though the BMW achived such a success, the profit may less than some mobile game's one month profit, e.g. this one(wiki) Moreover, the costs and risks of AAA games are much greater than mobile games. Before BMW, there was no such successful case as a reference. Individual developers and small teams could not holds such a huge work, and large companies prefer game types that already had successful cases. There was a period when PC games were booming in China(mainly produced by HongKong or TaiWan), but at that time, Chinese mainland people's income was very low. Although some people already have computers at home, only some kids want to play video games, while adults who refuse to accept new things, generally think games are harmful. At that period, a genuine 3A PC game may cost a chinaman one week or even half a month's salary, even adults are hard to afford it. Also for this reason, console games are not popular in China at that period, cuz people cannot afford it. So, people chose to pirate it, then the game companies were unable to recover the costs. For these reasons, video games and related derivatives (such as game rooms) become a gray industry, and gray industries are usually accompanied by chaos and even illegality. These phenomena have intensified the idea among adults that "games are harmful", so that for a long time, China's policy on electronic games has been quite strict. A dark period for China’s gaming industry. Later, Chinese people began to use the Internet, and they tended to play newer(at the viewpoint of chinese) online games. Soon they forgot PC/Console games, these games have become a relatively niche genre. Then comes the era of mobile games. In this context, choosing to invest huge sums of money to produce a AAA game is a very crazy and risky move.
Respectfully, the other responses didn't seem like they were really providing a solid answer, but yours adds up and makes sense to me. Thanks for sharing your insight on the situation. I hope this is just the start of an era of great games coming from the region, then Though the BMW achived such a success, the profit may less than some mobile game's one month profit, e.g. this one(wiki) Moreover, the costs and risks of AAA games are much greater than mobile games. Before BMW, there was no such successful case as a reference. Individual developers and small teams could not holds such a huge work, and large companies prefer game types that already had successful cases. There was a period when PC games were booming in China(mainly produced by HongKong or TaiWan), but at that time, Chinese mainland people's income was very low. Although some people already have computers at home, only some kids want to play video games, while adults who refuse to accept new things, generally think games are harmful. At that period, a genuine 3A PC game may cost a chinaman one week or even half a month's salary, even adults are hard to afford it. Also for this reason, console games are not popular in China at that period, cuz people cannot afford it. So, people chose to pirate it, then the game companies were unable to recover the costs. For these reasons, video games and related derivatives (such as game rooms) become a gray industry, and gray industries are usually accompanied by chaos and even illegality. These phenomena have intensified the idea among adults that "games are harmful", so that for a long time, China's policy on electronic games has been quite strict. A dark period for China’s gaming industry. Later, Chinese people began to use the Internet, and they tended to play newer(at the viewpoint of chinese) online games. Soon they forgot PC/Console games, these games have become a relatively niche genre. Then comes the era of mobile games. In this context, choosing to invest huge sums of money to produce a AAA game is a very crazy and risky move.
Though the BMW achived such a success, the profit may less than some mobile game's one month profit, e.g. this one(wiki) Moreover, the costs and risks of AAA games are much greater than mobile games. Before BMW, there was no such successful case as a reference. Individual developers and small teams could not holds such a huge work, and large companies prefer game types that already had successful cases. There was a period when PC games were booming in China(mainly produced by HongKong or TaiWan), but at that time, Chinese mainland people's income was very low. Although some people already have computers at home, only some kids want to play video games, while adults who refuse to accept new things, generally think games are harmful. At that period, a genuine 3A PC game may cost a chinaman one week or even half a month's salary, even adults are hard to afford it. Also for this reason, console games are not popular in China at that period, cuz people cannot afford it. So, people chose to pirate it, then the game companies were unable to recover the costs. For these reasons, video games and related derivatives (such as game rooms) become a gray industry, and gray industries are usually accompanied by chaos and even illegality. These phenomena have intensified the idea among adults that "games are harmful", so that for a long time, China's policy on electronic games has been quite strict. A dark period for China’s gaming industry. Later, Chinese people began to use the Internet, and they tended to play newer(at the viewpoint of chinese) online games. Soon they forgot PC/Console games, these games have become a relatively niche genre. Then comes the era of mobile games. In this context, choosing to invest huge sums of money to produce a AAA game is a very crazy and risky move.
You may not believe it, but 20 years ago, electronic games, including online games and stand-alone PC games, were considered "electronic drugs" by most parents, and even considered children born in the 1980s and 1990s to be "a generation harmed by electronic heroin." Of course, you don't hear such voices now. Because this generation has grown up, and it is this generation of people who love games that created such excellent games.
Also something I didn't see others mention: capitalism. AAA console games takes much more effort and time to make compared to something like a mobile game, and yet have much higher risk of not earning as much return. Think Arena of Valor or Genshin Impact, both Chinese mobile games, they have really stable streams of income and takes much less time to launch.
There are other video games with sun wukong, they just weren't good
It has been lightly tried before with some western influence. Ninja theory (1hellblade) made one of my favorite games Enslaved: Odyssey of the west, with elements of Journey to the west but it was westernized. I think now that China has actual developers willing to make what they want, and China having a open-ish market now for console gaming, we are gonna start seeing a lot more stories like this with less western influence. Though, I do highly recommend Enslaved. It's really damn good if not a little old.
China is pretty absent in the AAA gaming market in general, and if this game was made by American developers, I doubt the Chinese would receive it as well. Black myth is chinas first AAA game.
Black myth is chinas first AAA game.
版主已移除评论
Blame gacha. Genshin basically killed most investor's motivation to invest in single player game. Do note that even now, wukong still hasn't earn as much as genshin (compared at the same timescale), that's how predatory and lucrative gacha is. That basically steered ppl away from making actual quality game.
to be honest there has been some rather sub-par efforts to bring journey to the west related stuff to gaming. Black Myth Wu kong just happens to be the one that truly lives up to the name and also sparked the hype. for western related media: netlfix has "The Monkey King"/ "The New Legends of Monkey" amazon has "Into the Badlands" gaming has this game called "Enslaved" comics... "Dragoball" - Goku is "Wu Kong" in chinese. a lot of stuff are inspired by JttW, but BMW as the most recently one is the one that... blew up and also blow up interest in the source material. I am also drawing a comic that references JttW (check my older posts if interested) and a few months back I was speaking to western friends who DID NOT know what JttW is.
I am from your neighbouring Country India and can  surely understand what this game means and am very happy for its success. Also as there is also a very similar Monkey God ‘Hanuman’ in Hinduism who is also loved and prayed by all the people of the country , I can understand that this type of reaction and support would have come if a game was based on him also. Also I have loved this game very much till now as the characters are mostly unknown to us , but as Buddhism somewhere or the originated from Hinduism and India only , so many cultural traditions and similarities can be found in the game , which are different yet known to us. And seeing this game become popular helps the world to know Our culture too. I hope this game achieves more feats and grows more. There is one hypothesis that Wukong is inspired by Hanuman. Nobody knows the truth now. Maybe it comes from many sources and Hanuman is one of them. As a western gamer, I would gladly love to see more games with influences from both countries. I have a deep love for the Living Dharma, to the limited extent that I know about it. This is the type of diversity gamers need. Even though there's no direct evidence to suggest that Sun Wukong was inspired by Hanuman, it is true that Chinese Buddhist culture has its origins in India. As a Chinese person, I genuinely hope that India can create new works that represent and interpret its own rich cultural heritage! I mean Journey to the West literally means Journey to India. India is considered sacred in Chinese lore.
There is one hypothesis that Wukong is inspired by Hanuman. Nobody knows the truth now. Maybe it comes from many sources and Hanuman is one of them.
As a western gamer, I would gladly love to see more games with influences from both countries. I have a deep love for the Living Dharma, to the limited extent that I know about it. This is the type of diversity gamers need.
Even though there's no direct evidence to suggest that Sun Wukong was inspired by Hanuman, it is true that Chinese Buddhist culture has its origins in India. As a Chinese person, I genuinely hope that India can create new works that represent and interpret its own rich cultural heritage!
I mean Journey to the West literally means Journey to India. India is considered sacred in Chinese lore.
For reference, when I was young I had journey to the west audiobook on cassette, would play it for an hour before I got to sleep in bed.
This game does not need to be promoted with advertising and bot's comments. If you said in China that it is so popular because of advertising, people would think it is a joke. Let me explain why players from China are so enthusiastic: 1."Journey to the West" is a traditional novel that almost every Chinese person read when they were children. Many children have imagined themselves becoming a hero like Sun Wukong, And this is the first time in history that "Journey to the West" (or a secondary creation based on it) has become a 3A game, satisfying the childhood fantasies of a group of people. You can imagine that guys who love the "Harry Potter" series when they are children, finally get a 3A game to play when they grow up, and they have confirmed  it’s not a shit game to steal money. I know there have been many Harry Potter games, but seems like they are not very satisfying. 2. Chinese guys already know the original novel, they can gain a stronger sense of immersion easier. The plot of the story is not as simple as what the old monkey said at the beginning, Its not about collecting the fragments of dead heroes and finally becoming a new hero, but more profound and majestic. People have already inferred from the hidden plot and some dialogues that there are some conspiracies in the story.  This spiritual core is very related to the core of the original work "Journey to the West" and Sun Wukong's personal character setting, People are curious about what happened after the novels they read as children, the story continues well, giving people the motivation to continue to understand more. 3. Fun fact: In China, Sun Wukong is considered a representative figure who resists power and oppression and never bows his head and admits defeat. So it definitely can’t be because of patriotism. This game will not promote patriotism, because it conflicts with its core, also shown in the game beginning: Wukong just wants to return to his hometown and live peacefully with his kinds, but the powerful gods ruined everything. 4. Good graphics and music. Everyone knows it, no need to explain. All of these make players to start promoting and recommending each other on their own initiative , rather than relying on advertising. I am a Chinese player and I rarely comment on Reddit, I came here today just to see what non-Chinese players think of this game. Since English is not my native language, I used a translator to assist in the above comments. I hope you can understand the general meaning ;) 100% agree with what you said. I have heard people say that you do not need to read the books to understand the game but the amount of details, references, throw backs and "conspiracies"(to use your own word) really hit harder if you have read it before. Yea, same as chinese guys who never read "Harry Potter", but try to play a game about it. Better to know some backstories if u really want to enjoy this game. Exactly. When I was playing the shadow of modor games, for me the game is basically just killing orcs and sometimes people I recognize from the movies drop in. But my roommate, who is a Tolkien fan, watches me game sometimes says there is actually lots of middles earth lore in the game and it's a treat for me to see it referenced. Omg, so thats how "westerners" feel when they play this game. As an Asian Chinese who did not read LOTR, I did not enjoy shadows of mordor at all when I was playing it. I enjoyed the combat and the graphics, but the story didnt stick with me long enough for me to keep going after couple of hours LotR is essentially the western equivalent to your Journey to the West. It's an epic tale with dense lore based in western mythology. It is also the origin point of many popular themes and ideas used in medieval settings. Ever heard of Elves or Orcs before? They come from LotR. Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring. Just seeing characters from the literature being brought to life in such a high tech and life like way is unlike anything I’ve ever seen. Like when you catch a cameo of characters like Chang’E or Guanyin. It’s like Holy shit. I know them. As a non Chinese player I appreciate your insight and its awesome to be able to play a game that is so engrained in your culture and mythology. Personally loving the game so far and China has my thanks for it and the awesome devs that worked on it! THX ;) Game Science really did an amazing job, i also very love it. as a westernized chinese person, i 100% agree with this. grew up watching journey to the west TV shows (so damn good), most of us already know the basic lore. with BMW being a direct sequel, its like we can dive straight into the game with 0 explanations. I understand that it might be frustrating for the western audience, but think about, what if, you made a game about king arthur, and the game keeps talking about the exclibur, but it never shows how king arthur got the sword (because everyone knows it already). And a chinese person would be like: wtf is that sword why is it so important??? Thats what it feels like. JTTW is as ingrained in chinese culture as The Knights of the Round Table is for the west. Yeah I remember as a kid watching the TVB version of the Journey to the West with my parent at dinner. So glad to finally see these characters and stories represented in a high quality video game especially when it feels like all people ever adapt is The Romance of the Three Kingdoms into games. I really hope this game provides inspiration to other chinese game developers to make high quality games about other popular chinese stories and novels, especially the wushu ones. Your Harry Potter comparison is really good, and Hogwarts Legacy actually is an AAA game that was wildly successful for that very reason The popularity of wukong is also why we see him in so many games and media. Most famously Goku from DBZ. Wukong is like spiderman to us but it's 400 years old! We know the names of his skills by heart. We mimic wukong in school. Even in adulthood, references to journey to the west happens in everyday conversation. To many of us, Wukong is one of the coolest character ever and we will pick him in whatever game he is available. Fun trivia, the Wukong legend is so deeply ingrained in chinese culture that many worship him as a deity without knowing he is a character in a novel. Wukong is like spiderman to us but it's 400 years old! My history prof had a good take on that: why are stories of grecoroman, hindu, egyptian, etc. gods so compelling? Unlike "incomprehensible" gods of modern religions, they have very human motives and appearances, just imbued with divine superpowers... They are literally superheroes . Illustrated and theatrical stories of these gods are not so different from superhero comics and movies of today. Let's not forget Wukong inspire Dragon Ball. I'd even say most of the anime tropes can be found in Journey to the west. And one more thing, when I was a kid in middle school in China I remember we had to read the old Chinese version OF THE BOOK and have tests on this lmao I hated the ancient Chinese literature classes. LOL. Another fun is that the Chinese version of the game uses part of ancient Chinese, which is not easy to understand even for Chinese players. From an American. I'm about 6 hours in and this game has been a masterpiece. Definitely some areas I dont understand in dialogue but it's still been enjoyable. Love the music and the Chinese dialogue has been great the whole time.
100% agree with what you said. I have heard people say that you do not need to read the books to understand the game but the amount of details, references, throw backs and "conspiracies"(to use your own word) really hit harder if you have read it before. Yea, same as chinese guys who never read "Harry Potter", but try to play a game about it. Better to know some backstories if u really want to enjoy this game. Exactly. When I was playing the shadow of modor games, for me the game is basically just killing orcs and sometimes people I recognize from the movies drop in. But my roommate, who is a Tolkien fan, watches me game sometimes says there is actually lots of middles earth lore in the game and it's a treat for me to see it referenced. Omg, so thats how "westerners" feel when they play this game. As an Asian Chinese who did not read LOTR, I did not enjoy shadows of mordor at all when I was playing it. I enjoyed the combat and the graphics, but the story didnt stick with me long enough for me to keep going after couple of hours LotR is essentially the western equivalent to your Journey to the West. It's an epic tale with dense lore based in western mythology. It is also the origin point of many popular themes and ideas used in medieval settings. Ever heard of Elves or Orcs before? They come from LotR. Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring. Just seeing characters from the literature being brought to life in such a high tech and life like way is unlike anything I’ve ever seen. Like when you catch a cameo of characters like Chang’E or Guanyin. It’s like Holy shit. I know them.
Yea, same as chinese guys who never read "Harry Potter", but try to play a game about it. Better to know some backstories if u really want to enjoy this game. Exactly. When I was playing the shadow of modor games, for me the game is basically just killing orcs and sometimes people I recognize from the movies drop in. But my roommate, who is a Tolkien fan, watches me game sometimes says there is actually lots of middles earth lore in the game and it's a treat for me to see it referenced. Omg, so thats how "westerners" feel when they play this game. As an Asian Chinese who did not read LOTR, I did not enjoy shadows of mordor at all when I was playing it. I enjoyed the combat and the graphics, but the story didnt stick with me long enough for me to keep going after couple of hours LotR is essentially the western equivalent to your Journey to the West. It's an epic tale with dense lore based in western mythology. It is also the origin point of many popular themes and ideas used in medieval settings. Ever heard of Elves or Orcs before? They come from LotR. Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring.
Exactly. When I was playing the shadow of modor games, for me the game is basically just killing orcs and sometimes people I recognize from the movies drop in. But my roommate, who is a Tolkien fan, watches me game sometimes says there is actually lots of middles earth lore in the game and it's a treat for me to see it referenced. Omg, so thats how "westerners" feel when they play this game. As an Asian Chinese who did not read LOTR, I did not enjoy shadows of mordor at all when I was playing it. I enjoyed the combat and the graphics, but the story didnt stick with me long enough for me to keep going after couple of hours LotR is essentially the western equivalent to your Journey to the West. It's an epic tale with dense lore based in western mythology. It is also the origin point of many popular themes and ideas used in medieval settings. Ever heard of Elves or Orcs before? They come from LotR. Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring.
Omg, so thats how "westerners" feel when they play this game. As an Asian Chinese who did not read LOTR, I did not enjoy shadows of mordor at all when I was playing it. I enjoyed the combat and the graphics, but the story didnt stick with me long enough for me to keep going after couple of hours LotR is essentially the western equivalent to your Journey to the West. It's an epic tale with dense lore based in western mythology. It is also the origin point of many popular themes and ideas used in medieval settings. Ever heard of Elves or Orcs before? They come from LotR. Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring.
LotR is essentially the western equivalent to your Journey to the West. It's an epic tale with dense lore based in western mythology. It is also the origin point of many popular themes and ideas used in medieval settings. Ever heard of Elves or Orcs before? They come from LotR. Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring.
Well, for that to be truly equivalent Tolkien would have live at the time of Shakespeare, and the entire fantasy genre essentially would have an extra 300 years of development and is considered serious literature by the mainstream. Imagine Warhammer lore book along side the likes of Jane Austen and Mozart and Beethoven writes Operas about the Fellowship and Return of the King while Wagner's Ring cycle is literally about The One Ring.
Just seeing characters from the literature being brought to life in such a high tech and life like way is unlike anything I’ve ever seen. Like when you catch a cameo of characters like Chang’E or Guanyin. It’s like Holy shit. I know them.
As a non Chinese player I appreciate your insight and its awesome to be able to play a game that is so engrained in your culture and mythology. Personally loving the game so far and China has my thanks for it and the awesome devs that worked on it! THX ;) Game Science really did an amazing job, i also very love it.
THX ;) Game Science really did an amazing job, i also very love it.
as a westernized chinese person, i 100% agree with this. grew up watching journey to the west TV shows (so damn good), most of us already know the basic lore. with BMW being a direct sequel, its like we can dive straight into the game with 0 explanations. I understand that it might be frustrating for the western audience, but think about, what if, you made a game about king arthur, and the game keeps talking about the exclibur, but it never shows how king arthur got the sword (because everyone knows it already). And a chinese person would be like: wtf is that sword why is it so important??? Thats what it feels like. JTTW is as ingrained in chinese culture as The Knights of the Round Table is for the west. Yeah I remember as a kid watching the TVB version of the Journey to the West with my parent at dinner. So glad to finally see these characters and stories represented in a high quality video game especially when it feels like all people ever adapt is The Romance of the Three Kingdoms into games. I really hope this game provides inspiration to other chinese game developers to make high quality games about other popular chinese stories and novels, especially the wushu ones.
Yeah I remember as a kid watching the TVB version of the Journey to the West with my parent at dinner. So glad to finally see these characters and stories represented in a high quality video game especially when it feels like all people ever adapt is The Romance of the Three Kingdoms into games. I really hope this game provides inspiration to other chinese game developers to make high quality games about other popular chinese stories and novels, especially the wushu ones.
Your Harry Potter comparison is really good, and Hogwarts Legacy actually is an AAA game that was wildly successful for that very reason
The popularity of wukong is also why we see him in so many games and media. Most famously Goku from DBZ. Wukong is like spiderman to us but it's 400 years old! We know the names of his skills by heart. We mimic wukong in school. Even in adulthood, references to journey to the west happens in everyday conversation. To many of us, Wukong is one of the coolest character ever and we will pick him in whatever game he is available. Fun trivia, the Wukong legend is so deeply ingrained in chinese culture that many worship him as a deity without knowing he is a character in a novel. Wukong is like spiderman to us but it's 400 years old! My history prof had a good take on that: why are stories of grecoroman, hindu, egyptian, etc. gods so compelling? Unlike "incomprehensible" gods of modern religions, they have very human motives and appearances, just imbued with divine superpowers... They are literally superheroes . Illustrated and theatrical stories of these gods are not so different from superhero comics and movies of today.
Wukong is like spiderman to us but it's 400 years old! My history prof had a good take on that: why are stories of grecoroman, hindu, egyptian, etc. gods so compelling? Unlike "incomprehensible" gods of modern religions, they have very human motives and appearances, just imbued with divine superpowers... They are literally superheroes . Illustrated and theatrical stories of these gods are not so different from superhero comics and movies of today.
Let's not forget Wukong inspire Dragon Ball. I'd even say most of the anime tropes can be found in Journey to the west.
I'd even say most of the anime tropes can be found in Journey to the west.
And one more thing, when I was a kid in middle school in China I remember we had to read the old Chinese version OF THE BOOK and have tests on this lmao I hated the ancient Chinese literature classes. LOL. Another fun is that the Chinese version of the game uses part of ancient Chinese, which is not easy to understand even for Chinese players.
LOL. Another fun is that the Chinese version of the game uses part of ancient Chinese, which is not easy to understand even for Chinese players.
From an American. I'm about 6 hours in and this game has been a masterpiece. Definitely some areas I dont understand in dialogue but it's still been enjoyable. Love the music and the Chinese dialogue has been great the whole time.
Sun Wukong is unlike any other superhero. For Chinese people, any child over the age of four knows this monkey. I mean, 100% of them know. It's worth noting that not all Chinese people know who their country's president is, but every Chinese person recognizes this monkey.
Goes to show that a great game is indeed a great game "b-but bots" or "they're Chinese!" Since when did being Chinese invalidate something? Nobody complaining about Elden Ring or Baldur's Gate 3 reviews being high and mainly from English speaking people. Or do people think China is the only country that tries to control narratives and media. Lol, people, we're on Reddit. Try saying something critical of transgender athletes and you're either going to be suspended or banned from 80% of the subs. u r on reddit bro, say anything pro china and you are instantly labelled CCP shill/bot lmao 版主已移除评论
"b-but bots" or "they're Chinese!" Since when did being Chinese invalidate something? Nobody complaining about Elden Ring or Baldur's Gate 3 reviews being high and mainly from English speaking people. Or do people think China is the only country that tries to control narratives and media. Lol, people, we're on Reddit. Try saying something critical of transgender athletes and you're either going to be suspended or banned from 80% of the subs. u r on reddit bro, say anything pro china and you are instantly labelled CCP shill/bot lmao 版主已移除评论
u r on reddit bro, say anything pro china and you are instantly labelled CCP shill/bot lmao 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
This game is like if america only got live service hero shooters and cod for 30 years then suddenly their first AAA game is CO2077 you bet your ass they're making sure it's known singleplayer games can succeed. I feel like there’s a better game to pick than Cyberpunk for this comparison. Yeah, like Red Dead Redemption RDR is the perfect comp. High production value game that is based on traditional culture and lore of a particular country. I'm not Chinese but Im guessing JTTW means to the Chinese people what westerns and wild West stories mean to us Americans. Deeply entrenched in the culture since childhood and something every kid grew up knowing about across various media. Ok if cyberpunk released in the final state it's in now.
I feel like there’s a better game to pick than Cyberpunk for this comparison. Yeah, like Red Dead Redemption RDR is the perfect comp. High production value game that is based on traditional culture and lore of a particular country. I'm not Chinese but Im guessing JTTW means to the Chinese people what westerns and wild West stories mean to us Americans. Deeply entrenched in the culture since childhood and something every kid grew up knowing about across various media. Ok if cyberpunk released in the final state it's in now.
Yeah, like Red Dead Redemption RDR is the perfect comp. High production value game that is based on traditional culture and lore of a particular country. I'm not Chinese but Im guessing JTTW means to the Chinese people what westerns and wild West stories mean to us Americans. Deeply entrenched in the culture since childhood and something every kid grew up knowing about across various media.
RDR is the perfect comp. High production value game that is based on traditional culture and lore of a particular country. I'm not Chinese but Im guessing JTTW means to the Chinese people what westerns and wild West stories mean to us Americans. Deeply entrenched in the culture since childhood and something every kid grew up knowing about across various media.
Ok if cyberpunk released in the final state it's in now.
Look at how positive most of this sub is, and imagine there are more than 200k such people in China.
"Journey to the west" is a novel that has been super popular for more than 500 years, the story is told to every single kid for generations, AFAIK, there is no such comparable thing in the west. Plus, it is a good game. When someone spoiled that the boss has a dog, my 5 year old knows who that is immediately.
It's not a 10/10 lol I really like it, but come on, let's be serious.
Very impressive. I hope they don't f*k it up like so many game developers have done in the past with an update and whatnot. Looking forward to whatever game they will work on next. I hope they have a patch almost ready. Apparently they had one already nearly done before it launched. Good to know. Luckily I haven't encountered any bugs yet. But i'm still pretty early in the game.
I hope they have a patch almost ready. Apparently they had one already nearly done before it launched. Good to know. Luckily I haven't encountered any bugs yet. But i'm still pretty early in the game.
Good to know. Luckily I haven't encountered any bugs yet. But i'm still pretty early in the game.
On Steam, you can only select "positive" and "negative" but not a numerical score. I do believe the game still has flaws that need to improve, but overall I'm happy to give this great game "positive." 95.95% reviews on Steam are "positive", and Google search only shows demical number.
this monkees one also has 285.000 review ;) monkee  united ... monkee win How to have a successful game: Create good game Monke ??? Profit
How to have a successful game: Create good game Monke ??? Profit
It's amazing, took the day off work to play. I dropped elden ring and the Harry potter game when I played after loads of hours but this game is keeping me hooked, I ain't even Chinese. I have read Journey to the West so I do get the story more than others.
Chinese people are really happy with their game. It's obviously an inflated score. But at the end of the day what counts is that it's great game. Can someone clarify to me what's the STEAM status in China presently? Still highly censured, or they have full access now? I know a few years back,  they could only play 50 +/- games. We can use VPN to access steam, just like I access to reddit right now, and we can play all games same as all other non-chinese players. But using a VPN is a gray area of legal. People won't be arrested for using it, but they may get into trouble for providing VPN services within China to access overseas. This is similar to the way some countries treat porn. you can watch it, but you can't make it. There are also software called "network accelerator" that provide services for accessing Steam. They are usually provided by regular companies and are completely legal.
We can use VPN to access steam, just like I access to reddit right now, and we can play all games same as all other non-chinese players. But using a VPN is a gray area of legal. People won't be arrested for using it, but they may get into trouble for providing VPN services within China to access overseas. This is similar to the way some countries treat porn. you can watch it, but you can't make it. There are also software called "network accelerator" that provide services for accessing Steam. They are usually provided by regular companies and are completely legal.
Makes sense. The only people bashing it online are people who didn't actually buy and play it. BINGOO ✅️ thats absolutely right Totally😅
BINGOO ✅️ thats absolutely right
Totally😅
I think a lot of us people in the western world seriously underestimated the cultural power and influence of Journey to the west. I thought it was a fun game about a monkey man from a story in Asia that was fairly popular, but when I told my boyfriend about it who is a Cambodian immigrant who has never played a video game in his life and has repeatedly told me he has zero interest in any games beyond coin master on his phone immediately got incredibly excited and wanted to see videos and pictures of the game and asked how he can play it. As soon as I mentioned "sun Wukong" it was like I told him a celebrity was hanging out with me he got so excited lol so yea I think we vastly underestimated how influential Journey to the west is lol
It’s a solid 8-8.5. If the level design was better and subsequently got rid of the invisible walls it would be a 9.5.
its a great game
I'm from SEA and grew up watching the 1986 Journey to the west series every summer, everybody knows about this monkey, not just Chinese. JTTW might be even bigger to us than DBZ to the west since it's not just manga or anime but novels and tv shows which appeals to every age group. If not even directly everyone has seen or heard about him somewhere. Dragon ball or hell even league of legends and dota has a wukong character.
If not even directly everyone has seen or heard about him somewhere. Dragon ball or hell even league of legends and dota has a wukong character.
Yes, as a Chinese gamer, I play this game with tears🥲
Monke with cool stick 10/10
Not Chinese and don’t know journey to the west but if this is China’s AAA debut I look forward to what a Chinese perspective can bring to gaming. I’m still pretty early but I love it. It feels a little like this game and that one but it’s not derivative and has its own feel
The game is seriously very fun and im not the target audience for these type of games. I have screamed at my monitor more in the past two days than I have in years. But i got it for free with my new gpu and the only reason im playing it. I'm having a blast with it. If I didn't get it for free, would i buy and play it? No. At least you seem to be having a lot of fun.​ If this is just a trial experience, will you buy it?
At least you seem to be having a lot of fun.​ If this is just a trial experience, will you buy it?
The bot allegations are insane. Imagine bot reviewing a $60 game. Even imagine bot pay $200 million for the game, crazy.
Even imagine bot pay $200 million for the game, crazy.
If you know about Journey to the West, you may find that many games or stories that are not from China have similar things or plots. China's 5,000-year-old culture has had a profound impact on neighboring countries and regions.
Wukong has many different type in most Asia country actually Korea has Son Ogong ( which is basically the same as Chinese) India / Thai have hanuman which is the white monkey similar to WuKong ( according to wiki it’s a inspiration of Sun WuKong) Japan has Sarugami Vietnam has Te Thien Dai Thanh So basically. It’s a very big thing when comes to Asia about this game
Yet less active community members than elden ring subreddit. Kinda strange for a 10/10 world record breaking game. That's because this game is incredibly overrated. People are still talking about Elden Ring over two years later.  No one's going to remember this title in six months, aside from the fact that it highlights Chinese culture.
That's because this game is incredibly overrated. People are still talking about Elden Ring over two years later.  No one's going to remember this title in six months, aside from the fact that it highlights Chinese culture.
This game is definitely overhyped in China. Even as a Chinese player, I find the story hard to follow. On top of that, the game has optimization issues and feels boring in gameplay compared to Nioh 2. Personally, I'd give it an 8/10, with one point just for being the first AAA Wukong game.
It’s that Good though like seriously it’s 100% gonna be the Game of the year 2024 !
Imagine USA never had released any meaningful, high effort and actually decent triple A game. Never. Not a single one. Until they finally did. That’s what happened here. Chinese gamers are happy and proud. I say let them.
Oh no, Westerners are being condescending towards other cultures. I'm so shocked /s
用户已删除评论
Game looks super oversharpened tbh (need mod and tweaks to change, a big hassle), also has flickering issues. It can't be 10/10 imo. Not saying its bad, just these are the only bad things i noticed when playing till now.
I‘m waiting for the physical release
Even my wife who does not play video games still find the characters and the game world fascinating. We used to watch the 1987 tv series every summer since we were kids. And they used the original soundtrack in the summer game trailer. Trust me it hit really hard.
This game contains a lot of Chinese culture, which is very familiar to East Asians. Western friends may feel a bit of a cultural barrier, but it can be interesting to learn more about it.😆
I would rate it 10/10 as well and I am not Chinese, almost 10hrs in and loving the game. I have read the journey to the west, and that increases my interest and excitement while playing the game but the way it’s captured in the game is just amazing and I wouldn’t say that I love the game only because of that. The combat is fluid, graphics are crazy good - can name some improvements but they are not as major to have an effect on my gameplay. If there is one negative I can point out is that I got disappointed and also a bit sad when I started the journey on a ps5 cause the game would stutter on boss fights to an extent that it was becoming unplayable for me but that was fixed by switching to performance mode.
i've watched every movie i know of, and i thought it would be a decent game that i'd like because wukong is bad ass. I was wrong, this is one of the best games ever made, a witness to the advancements in technology and cinematography/art progress humans have made. It's incredible.
please tell me how to give a numerical score on a steam review 🤣the 2 options are would recommend or wouldn't recommend
If only those of us on Xbox could join in on the hype
I was tripping on this games transformation in 3 years
版主已移除评论
In short, this game has stunning graphic also fun to play, what else do you need LOL. I am not too concern about the story.
Didn't read anything about the game not to spoil, bought it, started to play and it's basically the God Of War: China and i absolutely love it, that 2nd comics after 2nd part was so good
I don't think it deserves ten from what I've seen, so far it lacks emotion and story
a lot of the reviews are bots as well, but the game is really good :)
Bots?!
This game is going to garner a lot of interest into Chinese folklore where the Japanese have saturated the market with their Yokai stuff. It's also going to boost tourism with people interested in such locals. Come to think of it, Yokai sounds a lot like Yaoguai (the word that means 'monsters' in the game)
Come to think of it, Yokai sounds a lot like Yaoguai (the word that means 'monsters' in the game)
Great game, loving it so far. Solid 8/10
It’s good, but the map design is horrendous.  No way does it deserve perfect scores.
Top 5 game I’ve ever played. Enjoying every minute of it. Don’t know if I’d build it around Unreal Engine though.
Its a 10/10.
Monke good
I AM ADDICTED TO THIS GAME
I've been playing nonstop, hat's off to the team game science for so much detail and brilliance in the game. I'm bit older and grew up watching monkey magic every Saturday and to get to see and play this it's bloody brilliant.👍
Im not chinese im from germany...i play it with 8 year old computer on ABSOLUTE MINIMUM and i still enjoy it. Some Bosse are really hard and there are almost more bosses than normal enemies but i still enjoy it. Its a good game until dark souls 4 comes out <3
Aside from its cultural significance it's a very polished, very fun game with no bullshit.
To be honest idk how this is possible. Even a game that is almost perfect won't be a 10. Give it 6 months. Btw I need to buy it :)
You guys continue to be one of the corniest gaming subreddits ffs
Its good dont get me wrong.. not a 10 tho.
Game rips. I’m an American and have been beyond hyped. I knew I’d love this game and hoped it would be well received but the amount of love it’s gotten is crazy.. I’ve never seen a game have that many reviews and players. I don’t even think Elden ring was close to that.. wild.
yep. cool game.  maybe 2024 GOTY
Very fun game but far from a 10. Anybody who played ch2 or 3 on ps5 can confirm how atrocious the graphics get, unfortunately. Can't wait for a couple patches
It is a great game and should not be tied to China only. I am from Europe and I love it as do people that I know.
to me, it's a solid 10/10 game because I rate games based on how much fun they bring me, not on small flaws that I can quickly get over.
Journey to the west basically started many superhero story we know and love today.
Chinese review farms gonna review farm.  These aren't legitimate reviews. This game is not a 10/10 in any rational world.  Even the most glowing reviews said it was full of bugs, and the game is basically a pretty boss rush.
this game fucking slaps too so that helps. just beat it today
I can’t stop playing. Fucking 10 hours straight but stuck on the fucking tiger though. I suck lol.
Stuck in level 1 lol me in ps5.. why did I buy this game
That’s surprising with all the tech issues I think for the most part Pc is fine, It runs far better than elden ring at launch and SOTE still runs like shit. Tech issues.. for slow running pc i guess? with the visual marvel it presents it should be no brainer that pc conditions/specs are effected.
I think for the most part Pc is fine, It runs far better than elden ring at launch and SOTE still runs like shit.
Tech issues.. for slow running pc i guess? with the visual marvel it presents it should be no brainer that pc conditions/specs are effected.
it is the first aaa level game in china. and people there are looking forward to this for a long long time. even it is not perfect, people there would still give a 10/10. bc profit of develop a single player game cant compare to online game. not much chinese gaming company willing to investigate in this area.
So much racism on Reddit these few days. They can condemn racism on one thread, and then say the most casually racist shit about this game. I dislike the communists, but leave the politics out of this game!
For me the game was completely unplayable on my 7900xt AMD gpu. Crashed constantly no matter what the graphic settings. Had to refund it. Apparently it’s quite common but not mentioned much on steam reviews. So FYI You need to roll back the driver version to 24.5.1 or later. Trust me, I am also an AMD user.
You need to roll back the driver version to 24.5.1 or later. Trust me, I am also an AMD user.
It’s as if when you make a well made product that runs well on PC people will buy it who would’ve thought? This game just shows how fucking lazy 80% of games are can’t wait to see if space marine 2 will be as good as this
Seriously, its a 10/10 experience for me, I am a Chinese guy who owns hundreds of games on steam, being objective here. This game is a first of a lot of things, so don't be too surprised. its extremely beautiful, it runs perfectly on my PC, it is a lot of fun, hits the sweet spot of difficulty, and is a childhood dream come true. Me saying anything otherwise would be a lie.
In the meantime I’m still struggling to defeat the first big headed boss
Personally, I would give the first 2 stages an 8, but the later stages are definitely 9.5+. Game science put their worst stages at the beginning of the game! Seriously…
Game of the year😎
Bro wha-? It has 100k yesterday
China power in action and first game where you can't turn off FSR because you FPS would drop to 15 XD
i think player don't use to play game with no occidental propaganda so they are voting 10/10
Just gonna say without offending someone rational here on reddit, (I'm addressing those antichinese lowlife thugs on reddit btw not you as in OP so beware) You name call Chinese, berate them, belittle them, talk crap BS nonsense unfiltered MSM vomit pukes all over the reddit and then whenever there's something even remotely good about China or Chinese you immediately say its ''propaganda'' '' cCp'' ''WuMao'' you name it. BTW this ''name calling'' and other rubbish nonsensical crap you spew has -+0 effect in real life and you are just too ignorant to realize it all the while trying to defend your slander in the name of ''free speech''. Pathetic and thuggish by all means lowlives is all I can think of really. I don't want to say I defend China for everything just as much as I don't defend USA or any other country in the world like a blindfolded illiterate just sowing seeds of racism and detest among any online community. SO it could come off as a rant but thats fine I wanted to just state the obvious bias the west has against China that even if there's something good about the country they take it on an offensive to discredit at a reflex speed even thunder cannot match. As for these reviews and ratings on steam, the game is being streamed for 24/7 on twitch so ive seen literally 20-30 streams between different countries (Japan, SK, China TW, China ML, USA, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore etc) every single one of them were having good time with 0 frustrations whatsoever granted its a mere 30 live streams I checked for 5-10mins each but that says something about the positive reviews on Steam doesn't it?
all i know its amazing. not elden ring level amazing but close.
No one's going to risk social scores giving the chinese game anything less than a 10.
Cuz it’s a quality and refreshing game done with love. Chinese would be the first to bash it if wukong it’s not done right. You’d be suprised how critical chinese can be to chinese devs, esp when it comes to wukong
wow china must have pretty subpar standards if this game is 10/10.... shot ton of invisible walls and paths that lead to the equivalent of 5 bucks makes exploration a 5/10 at best combat is mixed... I had some fun so far but half the bosses have attacks that make them float in midair for seconds while also giving them a shit ton of tracking. Also I hate havin to chase the boss around the arena... the fuxcking tiger does a combo then disengages so I have to sprint behind him just to repeat this over and over and over... Also at least for me combat feels really unresponsive... all this makes combat a 7/10 for me So far the story seems fine... but can't say much about it without finishing the game first (which might not happen... the tiger boss is sucking every bit of fun out of this game for me)
Sounds like the Chinese are doing the opposite of a review bomb
I think a lot of us who arent in China approach this game with a cautious mindset, some ready to even search for flaws and an uncomfortable experience, so to see such a high score says a lot about the game.
If I'm being bias, 10/10 without a doubt. And if I'm not, 9.5/10 is VERY fair
I remember the tv series in uk back in the eighties called monkey magic which is the same as the game Is tripitaka in the game and sandy and pigsy ? I loved that series haha used to watch it at like 2am when it came on
Is tripitaka in the game and sandy and pigsy ?
I loved that series haha used to watch it at like 2am when it came on
Don’t expect it to drop.  This game is chinas national pride
Wukong is not only a game, it is a piece of absolutely beautiful art and Chinese culture... Support these developers so they can make even more amazing games such as this one and do not let western "journalists" that didn't even play the game ruin it with their review bombing because the game is not "inclusive" enough and is not in line with their woke ideology.... Long live monke
All Hail Monke Mania!
It's called facts. It is a 10/10 for me so far
I think is fair we could say that reviews are a global "Umm monke", so understandable. Nah, real talk; It's not only China but all fans of TJTTW and Wukong around the world have been waiting for years for a game like this. On top of that the studio behind obviously has done a near perfect job, totally deserves the sales and good reviews IMO.
This game is on the same level as god of war and i mean it
Because SweetBaby wasnt involved 😂
lmao precomandă
I can’t wait to play this game
This game is a must buy, period. Finally a game about something other than western mythology or anime.
W game
Man this game is teaching us how things get angry after defeat then attain Buddha hood calmness the best the boss Check out my tiger Vanguard boss fight on YT https://youtu.be/G_c1QhFOYR4?si=iefPmDhp4bpjOZOQ If you like my struggle and calmness do subscribe
It's only 10/10 if you're a patriotic Chinese citizen. For honest gamers it's around 7.5 compared to masterpieces Elden Ring, BG3, Breath of the Wild, etc.
Has anyone else been getting crazy headaches playing the game? I love it but can't play over 20 to 30 min at a time.
It's bc of all of the Chinese reviews. They are going HARD on positive review bombing the game. The game is pretty good though. I'd say it's like an 85-90 personally.
Can anyone in the loop fill me in on the "controversy" around this game? I'm interested in it but I've avoided engaging with it because of the weirdo right-wing freaks who (for whatever reason) seem to be using this as some culture war talking point. Generally games with that kind of following tend to be really mediocre, but I'm not hearing much of that with this, so what's the deal?
ackchyually it's 9.6/10 Still impressive, almost exactly a year ago we had one of the best game of all time and now this. Insanity.
Somewhere in a candlelit basement, there are about 100k women gamers/ diversity bozos plotting to review bomb the game once reviews die down, Unfortunately.
Well it is tapping into the massive player base of China, with a story/theme that is widespread known to its culture. The stories of Wukong go so far back and to me, set the groundwork of a superhero story. My understanding of Journey to the West is fairly simple in compare. Overall the game is good and I'm glad it's such a success for a new studio like this.
It's a really good game. I might have raged quite a few times on some bosses but I still love this game. I just don't know if I liked the baldur's gate game more or this one more.
but Steam doesn't use the 10 out of 10 system..
I'm willing to trade for a copy of this game? Ps account with rdr2, gta5, ac bundle,  last of us remastered, shadow of war, batman bundle, re2, I can't remember all.
It’s not a 10/10 game. It’s getting overhyped by Chinese people. Ign is closer with a 8/10.
It has some problems. Bosses don't stagger and one in particular moves swiftly and uninterrupted despite being smacked by every attack you throw at his weird face and yellow snake eyes. Which in turn puts you in a constant continuous state of "ouch!". Im tired of every new upcoming rpg being labeled as souls like. If you find this game resembling ANYTHING about souls like them your just making things up. I think it'll be cool and fun when some of the bosses are more balanced.
Culture aside, as an American, it’s a breath of fresh air to play a game that is artistically a masterpiece, doesn’t rely on DLCs to make money and gameplay wise is extremely good. We’re tired of stupid shit from EA, Ubishit and other corporate greedy companies that have no soul to their games. If this means more Chinese games, then more Chinese games please!
Result of skill hiring instead of dei hiring, and not getting influenced by things like baby w/e company. Amazing game
i think it’s a lot of people just hyped who haven’t got to experience it in depth. the graphics are cool and the lore is great i actually like the linear way they did it but invisible walls alone should knock that down to a 9. but the biggest issue is the combat. for reference the most i’ve had to retry a boss is like 5 times max. what annoys me is getting a perfect dodge animation… and still getting hit putting my instant cast spell on cd… but not casting the spell … what..the…fuck and i’m not even gonna address the input latency i can’t speak for pc but on ps5 it’s stupid. also, maybe something i’m doing but there’s a certain boss who has a ground attack, it’s a straight line, easy to dodge but you will be completely out of the effect and you still get hit and tossed back into it… i think we players progress and start getting better at combat they will notice this very much i will say though some boss fights are top notch, where the dodging works perfectly and you’re dancing through his attacks and keeping your combo going. the better i get the more i notice it
