These guys have unreal aggression, hit like a truck, and has insanely wrong reach. Also attacks weirdly fast. ================================================================================  评论列表:
Yes. My most hated enemies along with the vultures with the giant fans. track me Ughhhhhh. Now that I think back, chapter 3 really had the most annoying cast of trash mobs. Ice and water areas are infamous for being the most annoying levels in games. Especially water, thank fuck Wukong doesnt have one. Lore accurate. Wukong was unable to fight well in water, so other characters would do that instead in the JTTW Why was ao kuang scared of him then and gave him the jingubang? He wasn't particularly scared of him, the jingubang was originally a huge metal pillar in the palace, and the dragon king tried to mock Wukong by offering it to him, thinking he wouldn't be able to take it. But Wukong casually lifts it, and the pillar complies, shrinking into a staff Whenever Wukong needed to fight in water, he had to use "Anti Water Spell". But having to constantly using that spell prevent him from using other spells effectively even properly wielding his Jingubang. So in most cases, whenever the water yaoguais give him trouble, he would ask his other brothers to go fight them in water or lure them on land so he could finish them off. In the Dragon King's palace, there's often a pearl/gem that has similar effect to the Anti Water Spell so Wukong could freely use other combat spell effectively Wk actually was a guest of ao kuang at that time so he offered him a weapon of choice in the armory, wukong try every weapon but none was suitable then he noticed a giants pillar made from black iron, he wish it would be pleasant to cary this around then the pillar shrink at his will Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain. Glad to hear that, I'm currently at chapter 4 and I hope the rest of the game doesn't piss me off as much as chapter 3 I just beat the game a few days ago, chapter 3 is by far my least favorite chapter Does other chapters have an as confusing exploration as the snow area from chapter 3? Except from the mobs that was my major problem. Everything is fucking white and I frequently got confused if I already explored some area or not hahaha The next chapter can be a bit confusing (won’t give anything more away but I will say caves) but it’s also I think my second favorite chapter, so I overlooked the confusing nature of it, 5 is super linear and 6 is super open but relatively small so pretty easy to explore Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit Yeah it was easily the worst. Frost is the most annoying of the status ailments to deal with. The map is far too big and confusing to navigate. I ended up resorting to using a map because fucking wandering in circles for hours on end. And then as if that wasn't enough this chapter also has the dreaded Pagoda Realm. A spiked ball laughed in the distance. That spiked ball is fun asl to to try and outrun with a full sprint speed build Flying piggies, Flying fan dude, This tentacle bro, thunder casting monks sitting safe somewhere hard to reach, falling cliffs, chill blind monks with tons of HP. i love fuck chapter 3 Both of those were annoying, and also those damn wizards in thunderclap, I’d start fighting someone and suddenly start get struck by lightning I’m keeping the Fox transformation as long as I can so I can just sprint past all of them Nah it’s new west for me if this the same place then  im with u fuck em Don't even get me started on the bullshit that was the New Thunderclap Temple. I'm glad I realized that turning into the snow fox will make the enemies ignore you for the most part. The vultures were FUCKING annoying oml🤣 Agreed. Especially when those bird men Psycho Crusher suddenly. YES BRUH🤣🤣🤣that’s the perfect way to describe that move 🤦🏽‍♂️M.Bison ass mfs Red Hair Yaksha for me. These guys were annoying but I feel like the RHY in the pagoda were more aggressive and skilled. those dudes in combination with the level gimmick was not fun and flying bat/pigs Bro just this morning I died 6 times to the one that had the spirit cause I was like this is not a boss, I don’t need to use my abilities. Most times I’ve died to a enemy in this game so far other than wandering wight Omg fuck those guys. That one area with two of them was so annoying lol. I love this game
Ughhhhhh. Now that I think back, chapter 3 really had the most annoying cast of trash mobs. Ice and water areas are infamous for being the most annoying levels in games. Especially water, thank fuck Wukong doesnt have one. Lore accurate. Wukong was unable to fight well in water, so other characters would do that instead in the JTTW Why was ao kuang scared of him then and gave him the jingubang? He wasn't particularly scared of him, the jingubang was originally a huge metal pillar in the palace, and the dragon king tried to mock Wukong by offering it to him, thinking he wouldn't be able to take it. But Wukong casually lifts it, and the pillar complies, shrinking into a staff Whenever Wukong needed to fight in water, he had to use "Anti Water Spell". But having to constantly using that spell prevent him from using other spells effectively even properly wielding his Jingubang. So in most cases, whenever the water yaoguais give him trouble, he would ask his other brothers to go fight them in water or lure them on land so he could finish them off. In the Dragon King's palace, there's often a pearl/gem that has similar effect to the Anti Water Spell so Wukong could freely use other combat spell effectively Wk actually was a guest of ao kuang at that time so he offered him a weapon of choice in the armory, wukong try every weapon but none was suitable then he noticed a giants pillar made from black iron, he wish it would be pleasant to cary this around then the pillar shrink at his will Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain. Glad to hear that, I'm currently at chapter 4 and I hope the rest of the game doesn't piss me off as much as chapter 3 I just beat the game a few days ago, chapter 3 is by far my least favorite chapter Does other chapters have an as confusing exploration as the snow area from chapter 3? Except from the mobs that was my major problem. Everything is fucking white and I frequently got confused if I already explored some area or not hahaha The next chapter can be a bit confusing (won’t give anything more away but I will say caves) but it’s also I think my second favorite chapter, so I overlooked the confusing nature of it, 5 is super linear and 6 is super open but relatively small so pretty easy to explore Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit Yeah it was easily the worst. Frost is the most annoying of the status ailments to deal with. The map is far too big and confusing to navigate. I ended up resorting to using a map because fucking wandering in circles for hours on end. And then as if that wasn't enough this chapter also has the dreaded Pagoda Realm. A spiked ball laughed in the distance. That spiked ball is fun asl to to try and outrun with a full sprint speed build Flying piggies, Flying fan dude, This tentacle bro, thunder casting monks sitting safe somewhere hard to reach, falling cliffs, chill blind monks with tons of HP. i love fuck chapter 3 Both of those were annoying, and also those damn wizards in thunderclap, I’d start fighting someone and suddenly start get struck by lightning I’m keeping the Fox transformation as long as I can so I can just sprint past all of them Nah it’s new west for me if this the same place then  im with u fuck em Don't even get me started on the bullshit that was the New Thunderclap Temple. I'm glad I realized that turning into the snow fox will make the enemies ignore you for the most part.
Ice and water areas are infamous for being the most annoying levels in games. Especially water, thank fuck Wukong doesnt have one. Lore accurate. Wukong was unable to fight well in water, so other characters would do that instead in the JTTW Why was ao kuang scared of him then and gave him the jingubang? He wasn't particularly scared of him, the jingubang was originally a huge metal pillar in the palace, and the dragon king tried to mock Wukong by offering it to him, thinking he wouldn't be able to take it. But Wukong casually lifts it, and the pillar complies, shrinking into a staff Whenever Wukong needed to fight in water, he had to use "Anti Water Spell". But having to constantly using that spell prevent him from using other spells effectively even properly wielding his Jingubang. So in most cases, whenever the water yaoguais give him trouble, he would ask his other brothers to go fight them in water or lure them on land so he could finish them off. In the Dragon King's palace, there's often a pearl/gem that has similar effect to the Anti Water Spell so Wukong could freely use other combat spell effectively Wk actually was a guest of ao kuang at that time so he offered him a weapon of choice in the armory, wukong try every weapon but none was suitable then he noticed a giants pillar made from black iron, he wish it would be pleasant to cary this around then the pillar shrink at his will Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain.
Lore accurate. Wukong was unable to fight well in water, so other characters would do that instead in the JTTW Why was ao kuang scared of him then and gave him the jingubang? He wasn't particularly scared of him, the jingubang was originally a huge metal pillar in the palace, and the dragon king tried to mock Wukong by offering it to him, thinking he wouldn't be able to take it. But Wukong casually lifts it, and the pillar complies, shrinking into a staff Whenever Wukong needed to fight in water, he had to use "Anti Water Spell". But having to constantly using that spell prevent him from using other spells effectively even properly wielding his Jingubang. So in most cases, whenever the water yaoguais give him trouble, he would ask his other brothers to go fight them in water or lure them on land so he could finish them off. In the Dragon King's palace, there's often a pearl/gem that has similar effect to the Anti Water Spell so Wukong could freely use other combat spell effectively Wk actually was a guest of ao kuang at that time so he offered him a weapon of choice in the armory, wukong try every weapon but none was suitable then he noticed a giants pillar made from black iron, he wish it would be pleasant to cary this around then the pillar shrink at his will Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain.
Why was ao kuang scared of him then and gave him the jingubang? He wasn't particularly scared of him, the jingubang was originally a huge metal pillar in the palace, and the dragon king tried to mock Wukong by offering it to him, thinking he wouldn't be able to take it. But Wukong casually lifts it, and the pillar complies, shrinking into a staff Whenever Wukong needed to fight in water, he had to use "Anti Water Spell". But having to constantly using that spell prevent him from using other spells effectively even properly wielding his Jingubang. So in most cases, whenever the water yaoguais give him trouble, he would ask his other brothers to go fight them in water or lure them on land so he could finish them off. In the Dragon King's palace, there's often a pearl/gem that has similar effect to the Anti Water Spell so Wukong could freely use other combat spell effectively Wk actually was a guest of ao kuang at that time so he offered him a weapon of choice in the armory, wukong try every weapon but none was suitable then he noticed a giants pillar made from black iron, he wish it would be pleasant to cary this around then the pillar shrink at his will Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain.
He wasn't particularly scared of him, the jingubang was originally a huge metal pillar in the palace, and the dragon king tried to mock Wukong by offering it to him, thinking he wouldn't be able to take it. But Wukong casually lifts it, and the pillar complies, shrinking into a staff
Whenever Wukong needed to fight in water, he had to use "Anti Water Spell". But having to constantly using that spell prevent him from using other spells effectively even properly wielding his Jingubang. So in most cases, whenever the water yaoguais give him trouble, he would ask his other brothers to go fight them in water or lure them on land so he could finish them off. In the Dragon King's palace, there's often a pearl/gem that has similar effect to the Anti Water Spell so Wukong could freely use other combat spell effectively
Wk actually was a guest of ao kuang at that time so he offered him a weapon of choice in the armory, wukong try every weapon but none was suitable then he noticed a giants pillar made from black iron, he wish it would be pleasant to cary this around then the pillar shrink at his will Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain.
Pfft guest… Wukong is the rudest guest ever Imagine someone coming for dinner and demand you give them something for coming over That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain.
That's basically the entire first half of the novel, Wukong just wrecks shit up and no one can stop him, until the Buddah fools him and sticks him under a mountain.
Glad to hear that, I'm currently at chapter 4 and I hope the rest of the game doesn't piss me off as much as chapter 3 I just beat the game a few days ago, chapter 3 is by far my least favorite chapter Does other chapters have an as confusing exploration as the snow area from chapter 3? Except from the mobs that was my major problem. Everything is fucking white and I frequently got confused if I already explored some area or not hahaha The next chapter can be a bit confusing (won’t give anything more away but I will say caves) but it’s also I think my second favorite chapter, so I overlooked the confusing nature of it, 5 is super linear and 6 is super open but relatively small so pretty easy to explore Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit Yeah it was easily the worst. Frost is the most annoying of the status ailments to deal with. The map is far too big and confusing to navigate. I ended up resorting to using a map because fucking wandering in circles for hours on end. And then as if that wasn't enough this chapter also has the dreaded Pagoda Realm. A spiked ball laughed in the distance. That spiked ball is fun asl to to try and outrun with a full sprint speed build
I just beat the game a few days ago, chapter 3 is by far my least favorite chapter Does other chapters have an as confusing exploration as the snow area from chapter 3? Except from the mobs that was my major problem. Everything is fucking white and I frequently got confused if I already explored some area or not hahaha The next chapter can be a bit confusing (won’t give anything more away but I will say caves) but it’s also I think my second favorite chapter, so I overlooked the confusing nature of it, 5 is super linear and 6 is super open but relatively small so pretty easy to explore Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit Yeah it was easily the worst. Frost is the most annoying of the status ailments to deal with. The map is far too big and confusing to navigate. I ended up resorting to using a map because fucking wandering in circles for hours on end. And then as if that wasn't enough this chapter also has the dreaded Pagoda Realm.
Does other chapters have an as confusing exploration as the snow area from chapter 3? Except from the mobs that was my major problem. Everything is fucking white and I frequently got confused if I already explored some area or not hahaha The next chapter can be a bit confusing (won’t give anything more away but I will say caves) but it’s also I think my second favorite chapter, so I overlooked the confusing nature of it, 5 is super linear and 6 is super open but relatively small so pretty easy to explore Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit
The next chapter can be a bit confusing (won’t give anything more away but I will say caves) but it’s also I think my second favorite chapter, so I overlooked the confusing nature of it, 5 is super linear and 6 is super open but relatively small so pretty easy to explore Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit
Could be a just me thing but isn’t chapter 6 the smallest in terms of content? Feels like a lot less to do there, other than traverse the huge map Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit
Yeah I would agree, there isn’t much “exploring” to be had, more so “hey that looks like there would be a boss there” and then there is one, pretty sure it’s got the fewest bosses, definitely the smallest enemy variety, that being said there’s so much spectacle with what is present that I still like it quite a bit
Yeah it was easily the worst. Frost is the most annoying of the status ailments to deal with. The map is far too big and confusing to navigate. I ended up resorting to using a map because fucking wandering in circles for hours on end. And then as if that wasn't enough this chapter also has the dreaded Pagoda Realm.
A spiked ball laughed in the distance. That spiked ball is fun asl to to try and outrun with a full sprint speed build
That spiked ball is fun asl to to try and outrun with a full sprint speed build
Flying piggies, Flying fan dude, This tentacle bro, thunder casting monks sitting safe somewhere hard to reach, falling cliffs, chill blind monks with tons of HP. i love fuck chapter 3
Both of those were annoying, and also those damn wizards in thunderclap, I’d start fighting someone and suddenly start get struck by lightning
I’m keeping the Fox transformation as long as I can so I can just sprint past all of them
Nah it’s new west for me if this the same place then  im with u fuck em
Don't even get me started on the bullshit that was the New Thunderclap Temple. I'm glad I realized that turning into the snow fox will make the enemies ignore you for the most part.
The vultures were FUCKING annoying oml🤣 Agreed. Especially when those bird men Psycho Crusher suddenly. YES BRUH🤣🤣🤣that’s the perfect way to describe that move 🤦🏽‍♂️M.Bison ass mfs
Agreed. Especially when those bird men Psycho Crusher suddenly. YES BRUH🤣🤣🤣that’s the perfect way to describe that move 🤦🏽‍♂️M.Bison ass mfs
YES BRUH🤣🤣🤣that’s the perfect way to describe that move 🤦🏽‍♂️M.Bison ass mfs
Red Hair Yaksha for me. These guys were annoying but I feel like the RHY in the pagoda were more aggressive and skilled. those dudes in combination with the level gimmick was not fun
those dudes in combination with the level gimmick was not fun
and flying bat/pigs
Bro just this morning I died 6 times to the one that had the spirit cause I was like this is not a boss, I don’t need to use my abilities. Most times I’ve died to a enemy in this game so far other than wandering wight
Omg fuck those guys. That one area with two of them was so annoying lol. I love this game
The ice dude pissed me off. That guy's damage felt off for that chapter's yaoguai chief. I think he hits harder than Yellowbrow. Right ?! He so annoying and so strong I ended up avoiding them by the end Yep that guy was harder the Yellowbrow for me, no question. I died to YB 3 times. I died to this guy almost 10. Wait, which ice dude? There is a bigger version of him. Located in Yellowbrow's temple. Optional bossfight Monk from the sea ? yeah
That guy's damage felt off for that chapter's yaoguai chief. I think he hits harder than Yellowbrow. Right ?! He so annoying and so strong I ended up avoiding them by the end Yep that guy was harder the Yellowbrow for me, no question. I died to YB 3 times. I died to this guy almost 10.
Right ?! He so annoying and so strong I ended up avoiding them by the end
Yep that guy was harder the Yellowbrow for me, no question. I died to YB 3 times. I died to this guy almost 10.
Wait, which ice dude? There is a bigger version of him. Located in Yellowbrow's temple. Optional bossfight Monk from the sea ? yeah
There is a bigger version of him. Located in Yellowbrow's temple. Optional bossfight Monk from the sea ? yeah
Monk from the sea ? yeah
yeah
These guys have like gajillion poise. Even bosses would stagget at some of your light attacks, mostly the last jump attack in the string. These guys just tank it and dirties you with bs tentacles
and dirties you with bs tentacles
Hardest normal mob in the game, not even close. Fucker doesn't stagger easily, and his attack pattern is odd. Good fucking look trying to resolute counterflow those assholes
Good fucking look trying to resolute counterflow those assholes
They do more damage than 75% of the bosses in the chapter. The normal mob version might even be more annoying than the boss version. 3 of these guys in a single room would be harder than like 90% of the bosses in this game. 3?? 99% lol I was wondering if my defense wasn't enough even when I put so many points into defense. Turned out these guys have a weird damage output. A lot of the enemies in this game have disproportionate damage for the chapter they’re in. Just weird over-tuning. When I saw the boss version, I didn't even think of it being stronger, I was instantly pissed at the guy for just being that mob and used every resource on him
3 of these guys in a single room would be harder than like 90% of the bosses in this game. 3?? 99% lol
3?? 99% lol
I was wondering if my defense wasn't enough even when I put so many points into defense. Turned out these guys have a weird damage output. A lot of the enemies in this game have disproportionate damage for the chapter they’re in. Just weird over-tuning.
A lot of the enemies in this game have disproportionate damage for the chapter they’re in. Just weird over-tuning.
When I saw the boss version, I didn't even think of it being stronger, I was instantly pissed at the guy for just being that mob and used every resource on him
Yeah idk why but their damage felt extremely high compared to any other enemy, both in that chapter and even in the following ones. I feel like even chapter 5 enemies deal less damage than those guys. Also their attacks were kinda hard to follow at least for me Their hitboxes trigger at weird moments so it feels quite unintuitive.
Their hitboxes trigger at weird moments so it feels quite unintuitive.
Yes and now i transform into him lol Feels really good to land that frozen domain expansion :D
Feels really good to land that frozen domain expansion :D
I don't know who bothers me more between him and the bats. Maybe the latter... They do colossal damage besides the fact that 90% of the time I don't even hear them so I always get a heart attack Hated those bats too, especially when they appear beside other enemies. Took my way too long to learn that the thrust stance is great for the bats On a cliff I found it’s helpful to randomly press the “lock on” button when running around. It’ll target the bats hanging in trees well before you get close to them.
Hated those bats too, especially when they appear beside other enemies. Took my way too long to learn that the thrust stance is great for the bats On a cliff
Took my way too long to learn that the thrust stance is great for the bats
On a cliff
I found it’s helpful to randomly press the “lock on” button when running around. It’ll target the bats hanging in trees well before you get close to them.
I'm still working on the big blue guy at the start of the game Edit: I beat him Honestly he is one of the hardest bosses in the game, relative to the resources you have at the time. Objectively, most "king" bosses in the game are harder than him, but with the spells and other resources you have by the time you reach them, they actually end up feeling easier. Lol U will eventually get him! Get the wolf transformation if u don’t have it yet and it makes the blue guy a lot easier
Honestly he is one of the hardest bosses in the game, relative to the resources you have at the time. Objectively, most "king" bosses in the game are harder than him, but with the spells and other resources you have by the time you reach them, they actually end up feeling easier.
Lol
U will eventually get him!
Get the wolf transformation if u don’t have it yet and it makes the blue guy a lot easier
They're extremely annoying because they don't stagger and their hits go straight through you for half your health. Crazy part is the transformation for the frost one hits like a wet noodle and is useless imo. And is way too fucking technical for what it is. Red Tides is just "hit them a bunch and then do the big move," but you need a fucking nuclear physics degree to get the most out of Hoarfrost.
And is way too fucking technical for what it is. Red Tides is just "hit them a bunch and then do the big move," but you need a fucking nuclear physics degree to get the most out of Hoarfrost.
I hate them SO MUCH! Tiger Vanguard?  Not that tough.  These guys?  Bane of my existence.
They suck but at that point I'm just grateful I'm out of the pagoda. Don't lie you love random death windows and the pagoda is your 5 star destination for random death windows.
Don't lie you love random death windows and the pagoda is your 5 star destination for random death windows.
Probably the only mob that I actively despise. Not fun to fight at all. And then they made him a boss in the temple. My tactic is to fully charge a heavy and start off with that. Then freeze him and charge another heavy and then finish him off. Basically refusing to actually engage with the fight
Fun fact: he only freezes or chills you when standing in the snow. If you stand on the stone pathways bear him etc. he cant chill you.
Nightmare
Did you know that they’re actually fish?
I platinumed it and I still don't know how to fight these guys lol
Feel so vindicated rn that everyone else struggled with these guys too
Yea top tier assholes
the boss version was super annoying
This one and the Red Yaksha
They just do... so much damage. Chapter 4's enemies seem like a breeze.
Yes! OMG, then to top it off there’s a bigger version that’s a boss character
Totally get you on these. Something about them just didn’t click with me, learned their move sets pretty quick, swipe left then right then both tentacles swipe up with the occasional 360 spin or throw a snowball. Yet I got caught every time, just couldn’t quite read their lead up.
I am on chapter 3 now, hate encountering these guys. Cannot poise break and hard to read attack patterns. Even when I dodge this guy, I still get hit.
this guy and the blind guys were crazy Shit yeah! The blind guys would punch you all the way back to chapter one if you even slightly thought about being greedy
Shit yeah! The blind guys would punch you all the way back to chapter one if you even slightly thought about being greedy
They were strong for no damn reason
Worst are the guys that take a couple of swings after you kill them
O yes ! I avoided them ! The boss was terrible ! Took me ages to kill him
Fighting him really feels like a bad hentai
Not these dudes as such, no. I can stun them, deal some damage, then heavy with three to four focus points and they are meat. But the boss variant... Now that was a problem. Pillar stance saved me along with a firewolf, but barely, my HP was red, no flasks left and all magic gone by the time I won. And it was not the first try.
They’re one of the best roll catchers in the game
I hated them until I switched over to spear style. They're much easier to deal with if you do the retreat then smash combo. Also learning the dodge windows was difficult but helped immensely. Unless they are with another mob, then I just get wacked around like a piñata.
Spoiler Alert On my phone so I can't spoiler tag but sadly, don't keep reading if you haven't finished chapter 3. I'm digging his transformation pretty hard though.
They're the hardest normal enemy for sure
The regular ones are hard enough but the boss one is a brutal
Dawg I’m on the white ghost dude in the water and can’t beat him 😭
Wait till you become one, he's slow AF compared to fighting them
Yes. Only type of enemy I felt I had to use spells early on.
They were annoying for sure, however there summon came in clutch during the final boss fight for me.
YESSSSSSSS I honestly thought I was being overdramatic but I’m glad you guys agree too
They annoy the shit out of me , at first I used to prepare for them like I prepare for bosses 😅 , I beat wukong first try , but struggled with these mfs . But later I figured if I charge pillar stance, they can't harm me , and I get to hit them safely . They became easier . Also The blind monks at the end of the chapter are so powerful, I used thrust stance, keeping distance and charging silently , then doing it again , they can't detect you .
I'm in NG+2 with OP gear and i still hate them, when I see one, i still use my pluck of many and Immobilize... Lol
Yes screw those guys. They are stupid tough, cause a lot of damage, and they can attack at long distances. The best advice is only fight them if you have to.
They’re so annoying I don’t even want to use their powers
Yea killed by him multiple times...
https://youtu.be/ZJ-BuqaeaiA These guys are just annoying a little
I died more times to this thing than to the final secret box. Home crap they hit hard
I won't even use their transformation. Hate isn't a strong enough word😅
He's an optional boss at the temple for you to get his transformation, if you wanted to fight an even more annoying version of him.
The transformation you get from one of these guys is really good though. I use it all the time.
I dunno why but I felt like his attacks were difficult to dodge and he hit harder than most bosses
Their tentacle hitboxes are shit
Yea they were tedious and gross then I unlocked the transformation and got even more disgusted that an entire spell slot is wasted on the rancid dudes lol
Me. Hiper armor!!
You guys are on chapter three?
This guy reminds me of Omega Red from X-Men.
NO shame in dumping all my spells against this guy.
He is fun
Bruh this mf a bitch 😂😂
What I really hate is every single flying enemy, especially the devil midgets in chapter 3 and all of the flying bugs in chapter 4. These guys were annoying though, I could never time them right.
NGL, I blasted through chapter 3.
Yes, and then you get him as a summon and I was so excited to wield that power, except most of the places in Act 3 you're on snow so all he does is throw those harmless snowballs.
Pillar stance works well on them, keeps you out of their reach and slowly deals damage
Hands down the most frustrating enemies in the game so far. Super high damage with very little time to react. Just made my way to chapter 4, good riddance.
Yes, annoying little pricks - now in NG+ I go full out when I see one, full blast smash stance followed by immobilized spawn my monke gang, go in cloud step and fill my  pillar stance to max and go over the fuckker with my gang - ULTIMATE BULLY
The little flying imp can take a brick too the fucking face..
The monk enemies pissed me off more rbh lmao
Oh, those dudes sucked butts!
Yes
I hate chapter 3 in its entirety
These guys are a massive pain in the ass. Just started immobilizing them on sight because I didn’t want to deal with them anymore.
Same
Literally just the frost buildup, fun fight otherwise. But my god that frost was brutal
Don’t mess up on the perfect dodge! They are health leeches
Ngl I started avoiding bro lol those ice ball hit hard as a mf
Somehow, the boss was better than the actual mob version
These guys I didn’t have too much of a problem with, I guess it didn’t help that I hate how they look so I immobilized and destroyed them all on sight
I'm in chapter 3 right now and I stay away from these humbling assholes.
Until I figure out there pattern, yes
Why are they so good at attacking me, but when I turn into them I’m somehow worse?
This game has a fair mix of absolute cinema with truly obnoxious game design. I skipped Monk of the Sea only to come back New Game Plus to smash this guy into oblivion.
The guys with Voldo's fighting style (Soul Caliber character). Those guys can fuck right off
I’m searching for his spirit in that area but I can’t find it.
fight him and keep wondering why these tentacles and snowball can deal that much damage, just doesn't make sense
They remind of Ghouls and their Kagune in Tokyo Ghoul
Yes. Them and any flying enemy
Everything’s a walk in the park once you meet Scorpion lord 😭😭
Any tips on how to get rid of those archers quickly who just keep shooting at you in the back while you take on the others? Some of them are on the high grounds I can’t even figure out how to get to them. So annoying. 😂
Yeah, I almost hated the whole game because of these. Thankfully, I haven't seen them in chapter 4.
I hate them so much! And the fake Kratos looking dude are also annoying.
Annoying... doc oct swing swing tentacles, snowball throw, venom grab, invincible farting whirlwind that builds up frost, yea the spirit version one got shadow cloned, was not having it
No, I hate those darn pig bats!!
This damn octopus kill me more than most game bosses. To the point I always use full spell to kill him fast
I never got how to dodge all of their attack but they're not as bad as the red haired yaksha
I can not for the life of me get the timing down on those guys.
Yes ! They are so annoying..
Fuck that guy.
I am on chapter 3. Yes, yes I do.
Monk of the sea is a stupid bitch.
Blind guys were the worst thing for me
Let me ask the REAL question. How much you hate this guy?
Those and the tiny bat pigs were pretty annoying lol
Shit, already passed chapter 3 and don't think I remeber this boss...must have missed it.
I just run up on them with a fully charged heavy and overwhelm them with spells lol
Yeah, they were aggravating, but once you figured out their spin patterns,  EZ work 😌
You guys have already managed to get to act 3?
He does WAY TO MUCH FUCKING DAMAGE
OMFG YES!!! Had to spam them with everything I had the INSTANT I saw them ☠️☠️☠️
Annoyingly healthy enemy they are . https://youtu.be/ZJ-BuqaeaiA
Those and the stupid flying pigs… annoying ass npcs in this chapter
YES THANK YOU
Yea fuck that guy
Can’t follow this sub without getting spoiled. I’m utter trash at the game and needed 15h to reach Chapter 3 T.T
Rick Owens be doing too much man
Funny just beat it like 5 secs ago
yep
I’m at the thunderclap temple and the fucking random dude that becomes a spirit pissed me off so bad I don’t even want him
I can’t dodge them 🗿
chapter 3 imo will be the reason this game doesnt get GOTY. The first boss was terrible and not fun whatsoever. how do you go from not letting me jump off cliffs to now in chapter 3 enemies can knock you off the edge and you can roll off to your death.....no sense whatsoever.
The boss was a cocksucker
Chapter 3 honestly had the most annoying NPC outta every chapter
Currently in chapter three. Not a big fan of these dickheads.
My one true nemesis in the game!
I fucking hate those rooty bastards with a passion; onlyob in the game that can kill me with relative ease of I slip up. Even the vultures with the fans are easier to handle compared to them.
Currently on this chapter. Killed a couple of them so far but haven’t received their information in my journal yet. Also for some other foes. Is this a bug? Wanted to read up on them a bit more.
The one with the spirit was one of the toughest bosses of the game
Yeah he kept freezing me then killing me lol. Glad I got my revenge.
Just until I figured out their move set. Pretty easy once you get the 3 dodges down.
No mob is worse than the fucken flying pigs.
I can't even get past chapter 2 😞
He reminds me from thymesia the boss named mutated odur.
Absolutely diabolical
I think it’s Uber simple. Light attack combo as you finish it’ll start the first noodler and you dodge left dodge right dodge left and it’s one more combo and a dodge and combo then dead. Same every single time I fight one.
I personally hope all those grasshopper dual wielders succumb to their spider mommies
My hate list goes like this: Lill pig Tentacles Bald ninja White Battle beetle Shield horseman
That's why i just resolute spam because every movement is like an attack or something
