================================================================================  评论列表:
Kinda suck the great sage broken shell boss has been hard programmed to fight in that water environment, anytime I see this mod being used there always ripple effect in every movements and this bugged me because it takes place in other maps track me It's cause Wukong got too much drip The sauce… it’s spillin out Nah man, gravitation waves bending light. much easier than having to make particle physics work in the arena. in Chinese mind or brian is called brain sea. So it should be water
It's cause Wukong got too much drip The sauce… it’s spillin out
The sauce… it’s spillin out
Nah man, gravitation waves bending light.
much easier than having to make particle physics work in the arena.
in Chinese mind or brian is called brain sea. So it should be water
Ho… How… How the hell are you doing this? Modding of course Tbh, the Wukong stance should have been unlocked at NG+ and the GSBS skillset should be what you unlock at NG+3 with full relics That would’ve made getting my ass kicked by Erlang 3 times so worth it lol Ive never agreed with a reddit comment more. I'm sorry but what is GSBS?? Great Sage Broken Shell probably. So you're saying this is possible without modding? Would require lots of work, but it's possible to have it implemented in the base game if they intended to. If you're talking about our game no you can't get this without modding. No. You can unlock the Wukong stance from chapter 6 in any chapter after getting the true ending 3 times. It only lasts for one minute after using a 4 focus attack, while wearing the full Wukong set (including jingubang). It doesn’t have the moveset shown in this video. What’s seen here is the great sages moveset, not the unloackable Wukong stance. 用户已删除评论 Ok, but what's wrong with making replaying more rewarding than it currently is? Love bad takes with no substance or connection to the original post. Felt like I went through the game missing some key, game changing upgrades. Okay… that makes me feel much better
Modding of course Tbh, the Wukong stance should have been unlocked at NG+ and the GSBS skillset should be what you unlock at NG+3 with full relics That would’ve made getting my ass kicked by Erlang 3 times so worth it lol Ive never agreed with a reddit comment more. I'm sorry but what is GSBS?? Great Sage Broken Shell probably. So you're saying this is possible without modding? Would require lots of work, but it's possible to have it implemented in the base game if they intended to. If you're talking about our game no you can't get this without modding. No. You can unlock the Wukong stance from chapter 6 in any chapter after getting the true ending 3 times. It only lasts for one minute after using a 4 focus attack, while wearing the full Wukong set (including jingubang). It doesn’t have the moveset shown in this video. What’s seen here is the great sages moveset, not the unloackable Wukong stance. 用户已删除评论 Ok, but what's wrong with making replaying more rewarding than it currently is? Love bad takes with no substance or connection to the original post. Felt like I went through the game missing some key, game changing upgrades. Okay… that makes me feel much better
Tbh, the Wukong stance should have been unlocked at NG+ and the GSBS skillset should be what you unlock at NG+3 with full relics That would’ve made getting my ass kicked by Erlang 3 times so worth it lol Ive never agreed with a reddit comment more. I'm sorry but what is GSBS?? Great Sage Broken Shell probably. So you're saying this is possible without modding? Would require lots of work, but it's possible to have it implemented in the base game if they intended to. If you're talking about our game no you can't get this without modding. No. You can unlock the Wukong stance from chapter 6 in any chapter after getting the true ending 3 times. It only lasts for one minute after using a 4 focus attack, while wearing the full Wukong set (including jingubang). It doesn’t have the moveset shown in this video. What’s seen here is the great sages moveset, not the unloackable Wukong stance. 用户已删除评论 Ok, but what's wrong with making replaying more rewarding than it currently is? Love bad takes with no substance or connection to the original post.
That would’ve made getting my ass kicked by Erlang 3 times so worth it lol
Ive never agreed with a reddit comment more.
I'm sorry but what is GSBS?? Great Sage Broken Shell probably.
Great Sage Broken Shell probably.
So you're saying this is possible without modding? Would require lots of work, but it's possible to have it implemented in the base game if they intended to. If you're talking about our game no you can't get this without modding. No. You can unlock the Wukong stance from chapter 6 in any chapter after getting the true ending 3 times. It only lasts for one minute after using a 4 focus attack, while wearing the full Wukong set (including jingubang). It doesn’t have the moveset shown in this video. What’s seen here is the great sages moveset, not the unloackable Wukong stance.
Would require lots of work, but it's possible to have it implemented in the base game if they intended to. If you're talking about our game no you can't get this without modding.
No. You can unlock the Wukong stance from chapter 6 in any chapter after getting the true ending 3 times. It only lasts for one minute after using a 4 focus attack, while wearing the full Wukong set (including jingubang). It doesn’t have the moveset shown in this video. What’s seen here is the great sages moveset, not the unloackable Wukong stance.
用户已删除评论 Ok, but what's wrong with making replaying more rewarding than it currently is? Love bad takes with no substance or connection to the original post.
Ok, but what's wrong with making replaying more rewarding than it currently is?
Love bad takes with no substance or connection to the original post.
Felt like I went through the game missing some key, game changing upgrades.
Okay… that makes me feel much better
Bring out Scorpion Lord and whoop his ass This video environment is giving me bad flashbacks. I'm mad I messed up and accidentally skipped his fight. Thought I'd come back to him after the monster at the end but then he showed up for the fight and died. No more Scorpio Lord fight :( Wait if you don't fight scorpion lord first he shows up to help you fight the Rooster? yeah he shows up, does like 1/8 of the roosters health and dips to never be seen again He doesnt dip. He gets killed by its crowing AOE attack. The same way it killed his wife. There is so much in this game holy shit Bro I accidentally skipped scorpion lord 😭😭I fought him while having no mama so I just died and decided to just check the surroundings but accidentally trigged the main boss of the area. För real. Fuck that guy 😭😭😭. Dude gave me hell first time. He was too big to be jumping around as fast as he did 😭😭 He hung me up for a bit, too. His attacks are so damn fast
This video environment is giving me bad flashbacks. I'm mad I messed up and accidentally skipped his fight. Thought I'd come back to him after the monster at the end but then he showed up for the fight and died. No more Scorpio Lord fight :( Wait if you don't fight scorpion lord first he shows up to help you fight the Rooster? yeah he shows up, does like 1/8 of the roosters health and dips to never be seen again He doesnt dip. He gets killed by its crowing AOE attack. The same way it killed his wife. There is so much in this game holy shit
I'm mad I messed up and accidentally skipped his fight. Thought I'd come back to him after the monster at the end but then he showed up for the fight and died. No more Scorpio Lord fight :( Wait if you don't fight scorpion lord first he shows up to help you fight the Rooster? yeah he shows up, does like 1/8 of the roosters health and dips to never be seen again He doesnt dip. He gets killed by its crowing AOE attack. The same way it killed his wife. There is so much in this game holy shit
Wait if you don't fight scorpion lord first he shows up to help you fight the Rooster? yeah he shows up, does like 1/8 of the roosters health and dips to never be seen again He doesnt dip. He gets killed by its crowing AOE attack. The same way it killed his wife. There is so much in this game holy shit
yeah he shows up, does like 1/8 of the roosters health and dips to never be seen again He doesnt dip. He gets killed by its crowing AOE attack. The same way it killed his wife. There is so much in this game holy shit
He doesnt dip. He gets killed by its crowing AOE attack. The same way it killed his wife.
There is so much in this game holy shit
Bro I accidentally skipped scorpion lord 😭😭I fought him while having no mama so I just died and decided to just check the surroundings but accidentally trigged the main boss of the area.
För real. Fuck that guy 😭😭😭. Dude gave me hell first time. He was too big to be jumping around as fast as he did 😭😭 He hung me up for a bit, too. His attacks are so damn fast
He hung me up for a bit, too. His attacks are so damn fast
Man…. Why are u doing this… I just masturbated a few mins ago… cant do it anymore Destined one is about to bust again He will make you happier this comment is diabolical
Destined one is about to bust again
He will make you happier
this comment is diabolical
The real Wukong 👀
we need a dlc with the true wukong
Erlang wouldn’t have shit on me if I had these moves
Lore accurate Wukong.
And it's like 0.0000000000000000000001 of his true power.
Does anyone actually have the link to this mod? search broken shell on nexus mods I’ve seen it on gamers nexus
search broken shell on nexus mods
I’ve seen it on gamers nexus
This is amazing!
Song? 赤伶（Red Actor） https://youtu.be/bmAd4__qiG8?feature=shared False 用户已删除评论 Hello u/One_Opportunity2688 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
赤伶（Red Actor） https://youtu.be/bmAd4__qiG8?feature=shared False
False
用户已删除评论 Hello u/One_Opportunity2688 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/One_Opportunity2688 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Jesus Christ …it’s Wukong Bourne!
…it’s Wukong Bourne!
Beautiful
What's the mod?
What wukong stance should have been
That's the combat we should have got... instead, we got one measly combo that has no range or variety. dlc will have  bor Have you beaten it if so how many times ? I'm curious to know if Maybe they Played So Much , they have Ignited Every Single Spark There Is ?
dlc will have  bor
Have you beaten it if so how many times ? I'm curious to know if Maybe they Played So Much , they have Ignited Every Single Spark There Is ?
I see this with the shaolin soccer background music.  Much better.
Maybe the move set will be added in a patch
NG+4: All that for a drop of blood.
Woulda been insane if we coulda got GSBS moveset
I want whatever was in that gourd. Best Comment !
Best Comment !
Anyone know this song playing? chiling Chi Lin dj remix thank you 👍🏼
chiling Chi Lin dj remix thank you 👍🏼
Chi Lin dj remix thank you 👍🏼
For the song shazam says: 赤伶 (DJ名龙 Remix) by Dengshenmejun
And all I can do is jump and roll
For anybody who thinks the song slaps, which it does, here's the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbdMSzTKIJ0&ab_channel=Tangonoonomo%E2%80%99s The portion from the clip starts about a minute in.
Woooo, can’t wait to see Wukong uses all these moves to wipe out all Sky Warriors the destroy the Sky Temple
There’s no video for me
lore accurate wukong
This makes the boys say “hell yeah” 😎
This type of gameplay would be INCREDIBLE. Of course it’d be difficult to balance a game when you move and hit like a literal god but man… the fast paced intensity would be beyond words
Man that must have costed at LEAST two skill points!
Some one going to try that in us open tournament next year am sure of it
Man, if this game played like DMC, it would've had more cool points
Scorpion lord  in his grave 💀
This reminds me a lot of BDO combat
Which Stance? All the stances, that’s what
If wukong and god of war had a kid… not named Atreus
Too bad all those hits will get countered and miss by the bosses!!!
I haven't played the game yet. I thought this was native stuff... gah...
Damn
Canonical wukong
he's so fucking cool man
what mod
If GameScience put this skill set in DLC……
How the hell are they "Landing" the "See Through" without an Enemy even There ?
I just beat earlong and the final boss best game I ever beat both bosses were super hard but im so confused how are you doing those moves?
This gameplay is clearly from a high end PC. Sadly we on console never get to experience such high end performance fidelity as seen in this video on our console. No screen tearing and the animations look sharper and on point. Not on PS5 though.
It seems OP doesn't want to share the mod 😕
The Wukong stance we should've gotten after unlocking all the relics 3 times
That looks so cool! Man this game is making me want to upgrade my Vega 64 8g card and 16 to 32g ram! Looking at a Rx7800xt.
I’m late,what is it about?
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Katherine_erogenous , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Katherine_erogenous , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
same song, try this dj version https://youtu.be/llbFv12E0qI?si=ioHQRPixYH84Lrsi
