================================================================================  评论列表:
Bro it's a sin that he doesn't sing during a single boss fight. It's actually fast paced and good, would fit so well. track me If they did that boss would be impossible due to not being able to stop dancing Went in as the destined one and came out as Kevin bacon Is Kevin Bacon DLC? My Destined One came out as MC Hammer LETS DANCE!! He does, doesn't he He does in the Black Loong fight. That fight was soooo much better for it Oh yes, that huge ground aoe synched with the music. Couldn't even be mad when I died the 10th time Same here. Then I figured out you can stand on the rocks to avoid the aoe attack. You kinda have to keep him away from the rocks, cause he can break them all, and then ur up the creek I agree bro that shit was hyping me up lowkey Didn't notice only really remember the drum aoe sound but nothing sounding the headless monk You're demanding a guy without his head to sing... that's next level. Actually, the head of this guy (Lingji Bodhisattva) was stolen by the west and is now in the British Museum. lmfao actually believable. It wasn't stolen, we just found it lying about unclaimed and no, you aren't having it back. It's a part of our culture now. Lol Egypt would also like a word about the "it wasn't stolen" part Well, this comment is quite British This guy during the rock vanguard or the other rock guy in the same arena, or just when those two bosses duke it out would be insane… True and I was expecting a boss fight from him
If they did that boss would be impossible due to not being able to stop dancing Went in as the destined one and came out as Kevin bacon Is Kevin Bacon DLC? My Destined One came out as MC Hammer LETS DANCE!!
Went in as the destined one and came out as Kevin bacon Is Kevin Bacon DLC? My Destined One came out as MC Hammer LETS DANCE!!
Is Kevin Bacon DLC? My Destined One came out as MC Hammer LETS DANCE!!
LETS DANCE!!
He does, doesn't he He does in the Black Loong fight. That fight was soooo much better for it Oh yes, that huge ground aoe synched with the music. Couldn't even be mad when I died the 10th time Same here. Then I figured out you can stand on the rocks to avoid the aoe attack. You kinda have to keep him away from the rocks, cause he can break them all, and then ur up the creek I agree bro that shit was hyping me up lowkey Didn't notice only really remember the drum aoe sound but nothing sounding the headless monk
He does in the Black Loong fight. That fight was soooo much better for it Oh yes, that huge ground aoe synched with the music. Couldn't even be mad when I died the 10th time Same here. Then I figured out you can stand on the rocks to avoid the aoe attack. You kinda have to keep him away from the rocks, cause he can break them all, and then ur up the creek I agree bro that shit was hyping me up lowkey
Oh yes, that huge ground aoe synched with the music. Couldn't even be mad when I died the 10th time Same here. Then I figured out you can stand on the rocks to avoid the aoe attack. You kinda have to keep him away from the rocks, cause he can break them all, and then ur up the creek
Same here. Then I figured out you can stand on the rocks to avoid the aoe attack. You kinda have to keep him away from the rocks, cause he can break them all, and then ur up the creek
You kinda have to keep him away from the rocks, cause he can break them all, and then ur up the creek
I agree bro that shit was hyping me up lowkey
Didn't notice only really remember the drum aoe sound but nothing sounding the headless monk
You're demanding a guy without his head to sing... that's next level. Actually, the head of this guy (Lingji Bodhisattva) was stolen by the west and is now in the British Museum. lmfao actually believable. It wasn't stolen, we just found it lying about unclaimed and no, you aren't having it back. It's a part of our culture now. Lol Egypt would also like a word about the "it wasn't stolen" part Well, this comment is quite British
Actually, the head of this guy (Lingji Bodhisattva) was stolen by the west and is now in the British Museum. lmfao actually believable. It wasn't stolen, we just found it lying about unclaimed and no, you aren't having it back. It's a part of our culture now. Lol Egypt would also like a word about the "it wasn't stolen" part Well, this comment is quite British
lmfao actually believable.
It wasn't stolen, we just found it lying about unclaimed and no, you aren't having it back. It's a part of our culture now. Lol Egypt would also like a word about the "it wasn't stolen" part Well, this comment is quite British
Lol Egypt would also like a word about the "it wasn't stolen" part
Well, this comment is quite British
This guy during the rock vanguard or the other rock guy in the same arena, or just when those two bosses duke it out would be insane…
True and I was expecting a boss fight from him
Nah, this dude only plays bangers. Everything slaps don't you like this kind of song,and the lyrics? He said he likes it. Just in slang. OK, I'm sorry Don't worry about it Absolutely loved everything well I'm sorry about misunderstanding you😥 这是一个传统民歌旋律 No clue what this says lol “It’s a traditional folk melody” Thank you for the translation
don't you like this kind of song,and the lyrics? He said he likes it. Just in slang. OK, I'm sorry Don't worry about it Absolutely loved everything well I'm sorry about misunderstanding you😥
He said he likes it. Just in slang. OK, I'm sorry Don't worry about it
OK, I'm sorry Don't worry about it
Don't worry about it
Absolutely loved everything well I'm sorry about misunderstanding you😥
well I'm sorry about misunderstanding you😥
这是一个传统民歌旋律 No clue what this says lol “It’s a traditional folk melody” Thank you for the translation
No clue what this says lol “It’s a traditional folk melody” Thank you for the translation
“It’s a traditional folk melody” Thank you for the translation
Thank you for the translation
Not just you. Music in this game is amazing They do some really cool things. I just looked over a big cliff in chapter 2 and I could hear him singing in the distance like an echo. Games awesome Where is this? I love these details Its where you meet the drunken boar The Tibetan throat sing that happens every once in a while is super dope. The music is Shaan'bei shuoshu, so it would be more accurate to call it Shaan'Xi throat sing I looove the music in the Pagoda. Shame I hated the pagoda level. Not because its bad but bc its stressful asf lol
They do some really cool things. I just looked over a big cliff in chapter 2 and I could hear him singing in the distance like an echo. Games awesome Where is this? I love these details Its where you meet the drunken boar
Where is this? I love these details Its where you meet the drunken boar
Its where you meet the drunken boar
The Tibetan throat sing that happens every once in a while is super dope. The music is Shaan'bei shuoshu, so it would be more accurate to call it Shaan'Xi throat sing
The music is Shaan'bei shuoshu, so it would be more accurate to call it Shaan'Xi throat sing
I looove the music in the Pagoda. Shame I hated the pagoda level. Not because its bad but bc its stressful asf lol
Shame I hated the pagoda level. Not because its bad but bc its stressful asf lol
The guy even gives you tips on what you need to do next through song. He does! Unfortunately it's in Chinese (but his speaking voice is Scottish, for figure) and you have to read the subtitles. I'm sure most people will miss the tips because of that. TBF he sings in a dialect of Chinese so some Chinese may still need to resort to the subtitles lol It’s very interesting that many non-chinese players thought the voice is Scottish. Actually the accent is from the north-west of China ( Different places in China has different accent and patois) @wizWizardMax the headless bard/monk Lingji’s English dubbed (speaking) voice sounds Scottish. Singing voice is definitely north-west Chinese though 😊
He does! Unfortunately it's in Chinese (but his speaking voice is Scottish, for figure) and you have to read the subtitles. I'm sure most people will miss the tips because of that. TBF he sings in a dialect of Chinese so some Chinese may still need to resort to the subtitles lol It’s very interesting that many non-chinese players thought the voice is Scottish. Actually the accent is from the north-west of China ( Different places in China has different accent and patois) @wizWizardMax the headless bard/monk Lingji’s English dubbed (speaking) voice sounds Scottish. Singing voice is definitely north-west Chinese though 😊
TBF he sings in a dialect of Chinese so some Chinese may still need to resort to the subtitles lol
It’s very interesting that many non-chinese players thought the voice is Scottish. Actually the accent is from the north-west of China ( Different places in China has different accent and patois) @wizWizardMax the headless bard/monk Lingji’s English dubbed (speaking) voice sounds Scottish. Singing voice is definitely north-west Chinese though 😊
@wizWizardMax the headless bard/monk Lingji’s English dubbed (speaking) voice sounds Scottish. Singing voice is definitely north-west Chinese though 😊
5 hours in died alot just met this dude Scottish accent but sings Chinese lol already a banger lol Gotta have the Chinese on for him I kinda like the Scottish accent lol I had the game in English, this guy came out and started singing with no head, I immediately changed it to Chinese. It deserves to be in its OG language tbh and subtitles aren’t bad. 😂 The accent comes from the Northern Shaanxi which is located northwest of China. Similar to Scotland, that place is a plateau. Thats cool i did not know that
Gotta have the Chinese on for him I kinda like the Scottish accent lol I had the game in English, this guy came out and started singing with no head, I immediately changed it to Chinese. It deserves to be in its OG language tbh and subtitles aren’t bad.
I kinda like the Scottish accent lol
I had the game in English, this guy came out and started singing with no head, I immediately changed it to Chinese. It deserves to be in its OG language tbh and subtitles aren’t bad.
😂 The accent comes from the Northern Shaanxi which is located northwest of China. Similar to Scotland, that place is a plateau. Thats cool i did not know that
Thats cool i did not know that
You just know a blind, deaf and mute musician is going to somehow kill it.
lol. I'm glad to know you guys liked it! It's Shanbei shuoshu, represents the Chinese traditional art of story-telling in the form of folk music, usually brings strong rhythm and emotional changes with jumping notes. That instrument is called sanxian. The accent comes from the northwest of China, Loess Plateau, where the people are simple and honest Honestly my favorite NPC in the game so far! His rhythm and singing style had me nodding my head back and forth whenever he showed up!
Honestly my favorite NPC in the game so far! His rhythm and singing style had me nodding my head back and forth whenever he showed up!
It's even more of a banger if you understand the lyrics. Subtitles will help with that. Love how he’s also mocking us
Subtitles will help with that. Love how he’s also mocking us
I wish he followed me around in my real life shredding that banjo, his music goes so hard
Bro got no head, still makes the best fucking beats Lmao lol
Lmao lol
I noticed he also plays the background music to the Black Loong boss battle, if you can spare a moment to listen and not die.
I dance to every tune lol
“I See” made my jaw drop when I first heard it. He's a bodhisattva so he has beyond human senses. Yeah, I teared up.
He's a bodhisattva so he has beyond human senses. Yeah, I teared up.
Yeah, I teared up.
Fucking bangers dude, his shit slaps!
One great thing that they nailed is that the video is perfectly synced to the audio. One could have easily gotten away with subpar syncing from the strumming. That’s what I really noticed too. They did amazing with the strumming animations and sync. Impressive.
That’s what I really noticed too. They did amazing with the strumming animations and sync. Impressive.
It’s not just you.
This guy rocks.
I'm fucking INTO it. Hell YES.
nope, not only you. hes a banger. love it
Be cool if they did a vinyl of the soundtrack. The opening song of chapter 2 is a banger!
What I found crazy is that despite sounding amazing in Chinese the words also rhymes and made sense in the English subtitles too how? They changed the translation to roughly match the meaning whilst still rhyming.
They changed the translation to roughly match the meaning whilst still rhyming.
That guys "mocking songs" are top notch! I don´t speak/understand a single Chines word but his mocking song was kinda triggering. Great implementation! edit: Can´t type in the morning. I speak Chinese natively, I have no idea what he was singing without subtitles. The accent was Northwest, a very strong one too. I know somebody that's from Shaanxi province, she says even she doesn't understeand the Northern Shaanxi accent/dialect
I speak Chinese natively, I have no idea what he was singing without subtitles. The accent was Northwest, a very strong one too. I know somebody that's from Shaanxi province, she says even she doesn't understeand the Northern Shaanxi accent/dialect
I know somebody that's from Shaanxi province, she says even she doesn't understeand the Northern Shaanxi accent/dialect
For everyone the music in this game slaps hard. For Chinese players it’s godsend, like some of the sound tracks are ingrained into the fabric of our cultural existence.
Yooooo dude can play!
Have a taste of Chinese traditions 🔥🔥🔥
He's the best character
My GF keeps laughing at me cuz every time he comes out with a banger I start getting tf down
Best part of Chapter Two!
I like that so many people are being introduced to traditional Chinese music through this game.
https://youtu.be/zglA8qMx9nM?si=mcto2f83lJj7Ix4g That was an amazing cover, thanks so much for sharing! I totally thought it was the original at first even better on bilibili where its just covered intext
That was an amazing cover, thanks so much for sharing! I totally thought it was the original at first
even better on bilibili where its just covered intext
I loved his music (unfortunately I'm now in chapter 3)
All this just to get head 💀💀
I booked him for my wedding Wtf hahahahah
Wtf hahahahah
Yup just started chp 2 yesterday and this mf is actually goid
How tf does he sing without a head😭😭
I wish there was a Spotify playlist for his songs
Enable Chinese audio and it’s 🔥my dude is shredding
Yeah, this guy doesn't miss.
Yeah man he is 100% a man of dedication and skill.
Straight HEAT
His head is in British Museum, which was stolen from us Don't misunderstand, Britain plundered many cultural relics around the world, but Lingji Bodhisattva is not an actual Bodhisattva, but a fictional Bodhisattva in the ancient Chinese novel Journey to the West. The stone head that went viral on the internet is actually Guanyin Bodhisattva
Don't misunderstand, Britain plundered many cultural relics around the world, but Lingji Bodhisattva is not an actual Bodhisattva, but a fictional Bodhisattva in the ancient Chinese novel Journey to the West. The stone head that went viral on the internet is actually Guanyin Bodhisattva
The headless monk is like equivalent to having a 6th man of the year on your team. The music slaps so hard that it's such a joy to listen to. If only they had a OST mode or you could choose what soundtrack to put on repeat. I'd leave it on throughout the entire game.
Bro's music slaps as hard as Yellow Sage
Straight Bangers
Xbox needs to come on with it mannn
No lies
Right too lit😌😌
Who is the headless guy anyway according to the lore? 灵吉菩萨
灵吉菩萨
版主已移除评论
I love the music that plays when the rock guy comes out lol
All bros song are bangers, But I just want a full version of the opening song or for someone to make a English cover of one of theme
Headless banging.
Favorite character in the game by far
For fucking sure. Want to here more of him
Anyone know the name of the song that he sings? It's customized for the game, not a separate song.
It's customized for the game, not a separate song.
I thought he was coming back in chapter 5 when I heard a few melodies but I was wrong.
Definitely
I've already been on Youtube looking up clips of very talented people playing the Sanxian. Dan Allen gaming has a great video up where he has a comparison of the Headless Monk's in-game songs with the real life musician (Xiong Zhuying) who performed them for the game.
After killing tiger vanguard his song was so satisfying I stood up and started dancing
Sar katey ka aatank!
Just met him last night for the first time didn’t advance till I knew he was done 😂
He sings but its all in his head
Banger after banger fam! Was waitin for homie to pop up every second lol
My boi bodhisattva doesn‘t only play, he also SINGS bangers
I highly suggest you guys try chinese vocal version. 'cause he is using a western China accent and the music style should be "QinQiang", an ancient music style. Is it a Scottish version there? i'd like to see how they translated the songs lol.
Met that guy last night Thought my game was glitching and not loading in his head
I love when he talks to you he has a Scottish accent.
Ye definitely mate his tunes slap hard 😃👌🔥 and he’s Scottish 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Yeah it’s great! Too bad youtube only has the clips with English voices in between the songs
I wonder how much he charges to perform at parties.
I like how you can hear him singing when you travel around the map.
Nope it’s not just you, really enjoyed all his songs.
Every time I start to hear his tones in an area, I tell my discord party to hush and listen to my stream. We all love him. Call him the throat goat!
It ain’t just you buddy
Isn't this guys head in the British museum?
Loved each and every time he did appear in game, songs 100% awesome.
Am I the only one who thinks of secret tunnels everytime he pops up?
my god YES i seriously would head bang to these songs
Dude, his music objectively slaps. That opening scene was incredible. I’d listen to headless bros music outside of the game. I hope when I die this guy appears and starts pickin his bangers as I fade away.
Only bangers.  Dude has no mediocre shit in his catalog
Best character imo
FACTS!!!! I look forward to hearing him. Anyhody got the download?
This is my favorite area guide
I legit irl clap along to all his songs. I can already see his album art too - it's his head. lol
I'm glad they used the original lyrics in English mode, despite singer voice sounding nothing alike with localization.
I can hear this image
Dude absolutely slaps, just got to chapter 2 and what a banger!
I was dancing hearing it, pure banger after banger. I’ve been playing the music to my girlfriend and let’s just say she’s not been impressed
liked him better without the head 👀
https://youtu.be/YmnIvjG1lyI Me getting beat up at every single boss , but it's fun 😊
A Bilibili UP did a cover of this song here. This form of singing is 陕北说书 btw, glad that BMW made this cultural heritage more well known. https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1kf421v7Y4/?spm_id_from=333.880.my_history.page.click&vd_source=c7423754e2815d627ed7f3c1227da074
Would you call them.... head bangers? :D
This guy fucking SLAPS
Didnt even need to look at the picture and I knew who this was gonna be 😂
This game has really good music and this was my favorite part.
Oh yeah, bro had mad riffs.
This dude is my favorite, I downloaded his songs, and now I just listen to him sing as I play 🤷‍♂️🤣🤣
Sho nuff!
loved it
Bangers only.
Fun fact: He is actually the big boss behind all of this mess in Chapter two, but you can be easily deceived by him...
I was singing and dancing and don’t even understand a word he saying but that instrument twanging!!!
Same dude was killing it has been my favorite character so far
I want a record with this guy's songs alone. I don't know about English subs as I'm playing with original sound, but I sure as hell want him to sing in Chinese. Straight up 🔥
Literal head bangers
this guy was such surprise, easily the reason this gets goty for me.
Bangers
What’s his name so I can look him up
I WANTED TO SAY THIS SO BAD!! I’m too slow
The fact that I'm not the only one to have the same feeling . Yes! Dude was plucking and spitting fire !
This guy is mf amazing
What is the instrument he plays called? Has a shamisen vibe to it
Ya he really gives insight into the rustic common man’s music in China
Who is this guy? I've read his description in the journal but it leaves much to be asked? I'm still on chapter 2 and my initial guess is that he's a boddhisattva?
Loved this guy
The game's sound FX is just brilliant. Really wish it would complement the PS5 controller thorough haptic feedback. As is it's very weak. You bonk and feel a slight tremor. Even at focus point 4 it's not as strong as it should be, at least compared to the sound effect.
Man I’m always head knocking when his tunes come on
I can’t even start thinking about this headless dick.. I’m still over here in a puddle getting handled by a cross dressing idk what.
I need someone to sample it into a beat 😅
This mf actually does spit bars for days bro. Wish he would sing when I'm fighting bosses.
Assume I haven’t bought the game yet because of no WiFi, why has his head been misplaced? he had a lot of Wind
he had a lot of Wind
Bangers all day
Nah he do though fareal.
Always bangers my man.
100% a banger
版主已移除评论
Yup he is!
He goes so hard.
not just you, this guy is a legend
He indeed is playing bangers
Dude, that instrument is called a Sanxian (which literally means "three strings"), and it only has three strings. That "rock" is actually Shaanbei shuoshu, a traditional folk melody from the Shaanxi region in northern China. The storyteller uses the local dialect to narrate historical stories and folk tales, all accompanied by the powerful sounds of the Sanxian. It's seriously catchy!
🔥
Just going around act II is great with this guy playing in some areas
