I gotta say, after three hours and the first two phase boss fight, I’m pretty blown away 😳🤯 ================================================================================  评论列表:
i played 2hrs of it before work , very fun game , stunning artdesign , i wouldn´t categorize it as an souls game though like the devs said so track me People have started to call all third person action games soulslikes, to the point where the word doesn't mean much anymore. By that logic Genshin is a souls like The dark souls of pedophilia The dark souls of gacha gaming. How else is a man supposed to make his .....IMPACT Then what does it mean? any game with scary zombie man Single difficulty. Estus flasks. Souls. Fog doors. Bonfires. Doesn’t have to have all them but soulslikes should at least have 2-3 of them. Single difficulty being the most important. souls-likes are a subgenre of action rpgs that feature high level of difficulty and usage of environmental storytelling. People downvoting me when I literally just googled the definition and copy and pasted lmaoo fuck yourselves This game already has bosses that are more difficult than other games people call soulslikes and the environment is literally littered with things to tell about the story. But also I personally attribute different factors to the genre. Same. Difficulty and environment story are factors but that doesn’t make it a soulslike to me. In addition to that, to me it’s the checkpoint systems and loss of resource on death. Typically a resource that is used for most things. I feel like we should popularize niohlikes as a genre because this is closer to Nioh than the souls games. A Nioh-lite basically. I feel like this falls closer to "souls-lite" in that there are some minor elements taken from that genre, and the style in which lore is portrayed is similar, but realitiscally it's closest to the action style like God of War. A good blend all around though. I don’t consider it soulslike either, but fun is fun. I don’t need a title to enjoy it. If the game is fun why does the category matter? I would. But I also don’t get why this is such a major issue with some people in this sub. It’s unique and stands on its own, but it for SURE took a lot out of From’s playbook but again who cares. Sadly not digging the first level somehow having me get lost in it even though with the invisible walls it feels like there’s not much to explore. Keeping my mind open. Not tryna figure out what type of game it is and just enjoying it and hoping it gets a bit better after the first area. LOVE THE DODGE Also love how with a few tweaks people have figured out how to somehow run it on Steamdeck smoothly at 30fps which I don’t mind at all. Figured it was a no go and would have to bring out my ps5 but it runs great with barely any frame drops! Other souls games that are optimized terribly will almost always tank the fps with lag spikes when you first start combat with basically anything, but have yet to have it happen to me. I love how fluid it is! Same here, I kept reading it would be close to sekiro, but the most resembling game to it I can think of is 2018 God of War Why not? it maybe has some elements but jedi survivor had that as well and both of those games are fun action rpgs with a gear system and a dedicated skilltree Plus no penalty when you die in wukong , you just start at your checkpoint and the enemies respawn but thats it , you dont lose your essence (souls ) or something It is a linear action game with a variety of a lot of bosses which is awesome and also very forgiving with your normal enemies May sound crazy. But Jedi Fallen Order was my gateway into Soulslikes. That game gave me the confidence I needed to take down Bloodborne, then it was all downhill from there Same for me actually. Tried Elden Ring, it didn’t “click”, went and played fallen order. Then went to elden ring and had the a-ha moment, fallen order was the training wheels I needed. so by that description the game is similar in combat to the jedi games? i have a very loose definition for soulslikes. As long as the combat has centered camera lock-on, some combos but nothing like Devil may cry (or old God of war), and  timed iframe dodges/parries/deflects then id play that game as a souslike. the closest thing I'd compare it to is the recent GoW games with how the skills and everything work. Souls games are hardly known for combos and lock on camera, I'd imagine. definitely, but as someone that has played almost all of them AAA and a lot of indies, I start to crave just the bear minimum of what I like about them, which usually means combat. Games like Kena Bridge of spirits, Blue Fire, Deaths Door, Hogwarts Legacy, GOW 2018, Nier, Tunic, and witcher 3 are extremely far from your typical soulslike. But a few tweaks to the control scheme and higher difficulties can get me that dopamine hit of timed iframes and counter attack with simple combos. Im actually hoping the genre would merge more with 3d platformers, something like prince of persia but sekiro combat (like the Jedi games and Kena) I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable. well i get what you are saying , the thing is from soft didnt invent that genre , they just made their own subgenre and dont get me wrong : i respect them for it but that doesnt mean everything has to be called a soulsgame , just my take Because it's not? I mean, it’s not a souls game by definition, it’s a soulslike
People have started to call all third person action games soulslikes, to the point where the word doesn't mean much anymore. By that logic Genshin is a souls like The dark souls of pedophilia The dark souls of gacha gaming. How else is a man supposed to make his .....IMPACT Then what does it mean? any game with scary zombie man Single difficulty. Estus flasks. Souls. Fog doors. Bonfires. Doesn’t have to have all them but soulslikes should at least have 2-3 of them. Single difficulty being the most important. souls-likes are a subgenre of action rpgs that feature high level of difficulty and usage of environmental storytelling. People downvoting me when I literally just googled the definition and copy and pasted lmaoo fuck yourselves This game already has bosses that are more difficult than other games people call soulslikes and the environment is literally littered with things to tell about the story. But also I personally attribute different factors to the genre. Same. Difficulty and environment story are factors but that doesn’t make it a soulslike to me. In addition to that, to me it’s the checkpoint systems and loss of resource on death. Typically a resource that is used for most things. I feel like we should popularize niohlikes as a genre because this is closer to Nioh than the souls games. A Nioh-lite basically. I feel like this falls closer to "souls-lite" in that there are some minor elements taken from that genre, and the style in which lore is portrayed is similar, but realitiscally it's closest to the action style like God of War. A good blend all around though.
By that logic Genshin is a souls like The dark souls of pedophilia The dark souls of gacha gaming. How else is a man supposed to make his .....IMPACT
The dark souls of pedophilia The dark souls of gacha gaming. How else is a man supposed to make his .....IMPACT
The dark souls of gacha gaming. How else is a man supposed to make his .....IMPACT
How else is a man supposed to make his .....IMPACT
Then what does it mean? any game with scary zombie man Single difficulty. Estus flasks. Souls. Fog doors. Bonfires. Doesn’t have to have all them but soulslikes should at least have 2-3 of them. Single difficulty being the most important. souls-likes are a subgenre of action rpgs that feature high level of difficulty and usage of environmental storytelling. People downvoting me when I literally just googled the definition and copy and pasted lmaoo fuck yourselves This game already has bosses that are more difficult than other games people call soulslikes and the environment is literally littered with things to tell about the story. But also I personally attribute different factors to the genre. Same. Difficulty and environment story are factors but that doesn’t make it a soulslike to me. In addition to that, to me it’s the checkpoint systems and loss of resource on death. Typically a resource that is used for most things.
any game with scary zombie man
Single difficulty. Estus flasks. Souls. Fog doors. Bonfires. Doesn’t have to have all them but soulslikes should at least have 2-3 of them. Single difficulty being the most important.
souls-likes are a subgenre of action rpgs that feature high level of difficulty and usage of environmental storytelling. People downvoting me when I literally just googled the definition and copy and pasted lmaoo fuck yourselves This game already has bosses that are more difficult than other games people call soulslikes and the environment is literally littered with things to tell about the story. But also I personally attribute different factors to the genre. Same. Difficulty and environment story are factors but that doesn’t make it a soulslike to me. In addition to that, to me it’s the checkpoint systems and loss of resource on death. Typically a resource that is used for most things.
This game already has bosses that are more difficult than other games people call soulslikes and the environment is literally littered with things to tell about the story. But also I personally attribute different factors to the genre. Same. Difficulty and environment story are factors but that doesn’t make it a soulslike to me. In addition to that, to me it’s the checkpoint systems and loss of resource on death. Typically a resource that is used for most things.
Same. Difficulty and environment story are factors but that doesn’t make it a soulslike to me. In addition to that, to me it’s the checkpoint systems and loss of resource on death. Typically a resource that is used for most things.
I feel like we should popularize niohlikes as a genre because this is closer to Nioh than the souls games. A Nioh-lite basically.
I feel like this falls closer to "souls-lite" in that there are some minor elements taken from that genre, and the style in which lore is portrayed is similar, but realitiscally it's closest to the action style like God of War. A good blend all around though.
I don’t consider it soulslike either, but fun is fun. I don’t need a title to enjoy it.
If the game is fun why does the category matter?
I would. But I also don’t get why this is such a major issue with some people in this sub. It’s unique and stands on its own, but it for SURE took a lot out of From’s playbook but again who cares. Sadly not digging the first level somehow having me get lost in it even though with the invisible walls it feels like there’s not much to explore. Keeping my mind open. Not tryna figure out what type of game it is and just enjoying it and hoping it gets a bit better after the first area. LOVE THE DODGE Also love how with a few tweaks people have figured out how to somehow run it on Steamdeck smoothly at 30fps which I don’t mind at all. Figured it was a no go and would have to bring out my ps5 but it runs great with barely any frame drops! Other souls games that are optimized terribly will almost always tank the fps with lag spikes when you first start combat with basically anything, but have yet to have it happen to me. I love how fluid it is!
Same here, I kept reading it would be close to sekiro, but the most resembling game to it I can think of is 2018 God of War
Why not? it maybe has some elements but jedi survivor had that as well and both of those games are fun action rpgs with a gear system and a dedicated skilltree Plus no penalty when you die in wukong , you just start at your checkpoint and the enemies respawn but thats it , you dont lose your essence (souls ) or something It is a linear action game with a variety of a lot of bosses which is awesome and also very forgiving with your normal enemies May sound crazy. But Jedi Fallen Order was my gateway into Soulslikes. That game gave me the confidence I needed to take down Bloodborne, then it was all downhill from there Same for me actually. Tried Elden Ring, it didn’t “click”, went and played fallen order. Then went to elden ring and had the a-ha moment, fallen order was the training wheels I needed. so by that description the game is similar in combat to the jedi games? i have a very loose definition for soulslikes. As long as the combat has centered camera lock-on, some combos but nothing like Devil may cry (or old God of war), and  timed iframe dodges/parries/deflects then id play that game as a souslike. the closest thing I'd compare it to is the recent GoW games with how the skills and everything work. Souls games are hardly known for combos and lock on camera, I'd imagine. definitely, but as someone that has played almost all of them AAA and a lot of indies, I start to crave just the bear minimum of what I like about them, which usually means combat. Games like Kena Bridge of spirits, Blue Fire, Deaths Door, Hogwarts Legacy, GOW 2018, Nier, Tunic, and witcher 3 are extremely far from your typical soulslike. But a few tweaks to the control scheme and higher difficulties can get me that dopamine hit of timed iframes and counter attack with simple combos. Im actually hoping the genre would merge more with 3d platformers, something like prince of persia but sekiro combat (like the Jedi games and Kena) I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable. well i get what you are saying , the thing is from soft didnt invent that genre , they just made their own subgenre and dont get me wrong : i respect them for it but that doesnt mean everything has to be called a soulsgame , just my take Because it's not?
it maybe has some elements but jedi survivor had that as well and both of those games are fun action rpgs with a gear system and a dedicated skilltree Plus no penalty when you die in wukong , you just start at your checkpoint and the enemies respawn but thats it , you dont lose your essence (souls ) or something It is a linear action game with a variety of a lot of bosses which is awesome and also very forgiving with your normal enemies May sound crazy. But Jedi Fallen Order was my gateway into Soulslikes. That game gave me the confidence I needed to take down Bloodborne, then it was all downhill from there Same for me actually. Tried Elden Ring, it didn’t “click”, went and played fallen order. Then went to elden ring and had the a-ha moment, fallen order was the training wheels I needed. so by that description the game is similar in combat to the jedi games? i have a very loose definition for soulslikes. As long as the combat has centered camera lock-on, some combos but nothing like Devil may cry (or old God of war), and  timed iframe dodges/parries/deflects then id play that game as a souslike. the closest thing I'd compare it to is the recent GoW games with how the skills and everything work. Souls games are hardly known for combos and lock on camera, I'd imagine. definitely, but as someone that has played almost all of them AAA and a lot of indies, I start to crave just the bear minimum of what I like about them, which usually means combat. Games like Kena Bridge of spirits, Blue Fire, Deaths Door, Hogwarts Legacy, GOW 2018, Nier, Tunic, and witcher 3 are extremely far from your typical soulslike. But a few tweaks to the control scheme and higher difficulties can get me that dopamine hit of timed iframes and counter attack with simple combos. Im actually hoping the genre would merge more with 3d platformers, something like prince of persia but sekiro combat (like the Jedi games and Kena) I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable. well i get what you are saying , the thing is from soft didnt invent that genre , they just made their own subgenre and dont get me wrong : i respect them for it but that doesnt mean everything has to be called a soulsgame , just my take
May sound crazy. But Jedi Fallen Order was my gateway into Soulslikes. That game gave me the confidence I needed to take down Bloodborne, then it was all downhill from there Same for me actually. Tried Elden Ring, it didn’t “click”, went and played fallen order. Then went to elden ring and had the a-ha moment, fallen order was the training wheels I needed.
Same for me actually. Tried Elden Ring, it didn’t “click”, went and played fallen order. Then went to elden ring and had the a-ha moment, fallen order was the training wheels I needed.
so by that description the game is similar in combat to the jedi games? i have a very loose definition for soulslikes. As long as the combat has centered camera lock-on, some combos but nothing like Devil may cry (or old God of war), and  timed iframe dodges/parries/deflects then id play that game as a souslike. the closest thing I'd compare it to is the recent GoW games with how the skills and everything work. Souls games are hardly known for combos and lock on camera, I'd imagine. definitely, but as someone that has played almost all of them AAA and a lot of indies, I start to crave just the bear minimum of what I like about them, which usually means combat. Games like Kena Bridge of spirits, Blue Fire, Deaths Door, Hogwarts Legacy, GOW 2018, Nier, Tunic, and witcher 3 are extremely far from your typical soulslike. But a few tweaks to the control scheme and higher difficulties can get me that dopamine hit of timed iframes and counter attack with simple combos. Im actually hoping the genre would merge more with 3d platformers, something like prince of persia but sekiro combat (like the Jedi games and Kena) I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable. well i get what you are saying , the thing is from soft didnt invent that genre , they just made their own subgenre and dont get me wrong : i respect them for it but that doesnt mean everything has to be called a soulsgame , just my take
the closest thing I'd compare it to is the recent GoW games with how the skills and everything work.
Souls games are hardly known for combos and lock on camera, I'd imagine. definitely, but as someone that has played almost all of them AAA and a lot of indies, I start to crave just the bear minimum of what I like about them, which usually means combat. Games like Kena Bridge of spirits, Blue Fire, Deaths Door, Hogwarts Legacy, GOW 2018, Nier, Tunic, and witcher 3 are extremely far from your typical soulslike. But a few tweaks to the control scheme and higher difficulties can get me that dopamine hit of timed iframes and counter attack with simple combos. Im actually hoping the genre would merge more with 3d platformers, something like prince of persia but sekiro combat (like the Jedi games and Kena) I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable.
definitely, but as someone that has played almost all of them AAA and a lot of indies, I start to crave just the bear minimum of what I like about them, which usually means combat. Games like Kena Bridge of spirits, Blue Fire, Deaths Door, Hogwarts Legacy, GOW 2018, Nier, Tunic, and witcher 3 are extremely far from your typical soulslike. But a few tweaks to the control scheme and higher difficulties can get me that dopamine hit of timed iframes and counter attack with simple combos. Im actually hoping the genre would merge more with 3d platformers, something like prince of persia but sekiro combat (like the Jedi games and Kena) I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable.
I completely get what you mean. Boiling it down to the core factor that makes it enjoyable.
well i get what you are saying , the thing is from soft didnt invent that genre , they just made their own subgenre and dont get me wrong : i respect them for it but that doesnt mean everything has to be called a soulsgame , just my take
Because it's not?
I mean, it’s not a souls game by definition, it’s a soulslike
For all the people debating whether it’s a soulslike: Has “Shrines” that you respawn at after death and enemies respawn if you rest at the shrine. You respawning is a story mechanic and bosses complain about it, just like the chosen undead respawning is an aspect of the story. Has an “estus flask” that has a certain number of uses and can be upgraded, both number of uses and potency, by bringing special items to an NPC. Story is largely told through excerpts in the journal akin to item descriptions. Boss mechanics are very similar to souls games with a largely dodge roll/hit gameplay dynamic and bosses with grab animations, multiple phases, etc. Poison, fire, chill, with corresponding items to cure or withstand the effects. I know dark souls didn’t invent all of these things, and I know what the devs said, but if you play the game it’s very obvious that it is heavily inspired by Dark Souls with some God of War ability mechanics and armour/weapon crafting mixed in. Call it a Soulslite. It's a soulslike in name only. Game Science is just copying what's popular like everyone else to reach as many gamers as possible. (Though a lot of people have long gotten tired of souls likes and other games being purposefully made soul crushingly difficult as a gimmick.) It probably would've been your average hack n slash/beat em up action (rpg) game, otherwise. Yeah, it's got the stuff you mentioned, but where that comparison ends is: Bosses aren't one to 3 shotting you. Stamina management is by far the most forgiving, as long as you don't spam actions until it's empty. You may as well have taken it out altogether like sekiro did. You're managing your focus and mana bar more than stamina half the time. You don't lose whatever in-game currency (souls/blood/ whatever) upon death, so dying has no real consequences unless you're just an angry gamer. Areas are more linear than your typical average souls(like) game. It has an actual story through cutscenes (souls(like)) lore is typically told through dialog, item descriptions, and research online. Ex, wikis, and Vaatividya lore videos). You have to farm generic and boss materials to craft stronger gear, but not in the traditional souls sense. It's more in an rpg sense. Your skills and stats level up like an Ubisoft game skill tree. If there are other differences, I haven't noticed em as much. checkpoints arent exclusive to souls games roguelikes like hades and dead cells do that too okay kinda agree lore isnt exclusive to souls games Multiphase bosses and dodging have existed long before souls did it Many games have status effects too, like monster hunter and terraria it just has elements of souls games, doesnt mean its a soulslike, i do like first hearing the notion of the term soulslite though. I think that would be a good term to categorize it and other games like hollow knight abd dead cells that have no stat-rpg and complex builds elements to separate it from the dark souls games and stuff like lies of p.
It's a soulslike in name only. Game Science is just copying what's popular like everyone else to reach as many gamers as possible. (Though a lot of people have long gotten tired of souls likes and other games being purposefully made soul crushingly difficult as a gimmick.) It probably would've been your average hack n slash/beat em up action (rpg) game, otherwise. Yeah, it's got the stuff you mentioned, but where that comparison ends is: Bosses aren't one to 3 shotting you. Stamina management is by far the most forgiving, as long as you don't spam actions until it's empty. You may as well have taken it out altogether like sekiro did. You're managing your focus and mana bar more than stamina half the time. You don't lose whatever in-game currency (souls/blood/ whatever) upon death, so dying has no real consequences unless you're just an angry gamer. Areas are more linear than your typical average souls(like) game. It has an actual story through cutscenes (souls(like)) lore is typically told through dialog, item descriptions, and research online. Ex, wikis, and Vaatividya lore videos). You have to farm generic and boss materials to craft stronger gear, but not in the traditional souls sense. It's more in an rpg sense. Your skills and stats level up like an Ubisoft game skill tree. If there are other differences, I haven't noticed em as much.
checkpoints arent exclusive to souls games roguelikes like hades and dead cells do that too okay kinda agree lore isnt exclusive to souls games Multiphase bosses and dodging have existed long before souls did it Many games have status effects too, like monster hunter and terraria it just has elements of souls games, doesnt mean its a soulslike, i do like first hearing the notion of the term soulslite though. I think that would be a good term to categorize it and other games like hollow knight abd dead cells that have no stat-rpg and complex builds elements to separate it from the dark souls games and stuff like lies of p.
Absolutely fantastic game, the big headed Buddha boss took me like 10 tries but by the 10th try I was basically stunlocking him lmao
Just bought it, am a bit worried that it will get stale (had the same issue with Tsushima), but hopefully the larger skill and opponent variety keeps it together for me. I tried so hard to love tsushima... but it got stale on me.. beautiful game but i couldnt get into it like i felt i should have based on so many people and reviews.. Same here. It was so praised and I've even seen posts about it being the greatest game of all time. I found it to be beautiful with excellent combat. However, felt very repetitive and the world, while lovely looking, was very repetitive and lacked substance Best looking game I’ve seen on my PS5 to date and a super fun first like 10 hours, just kinda got old to me. I haven’t gone back for quite some time It was a big beautiful and boring open world, with floaty combat, repetitive side quests, and a boring main story, I don't understand the acclaim Tsushima appealed to people's love for old samurai movies and captured them almost perfectly. The open world and combat were fun enough to make you want to run around and interact and then the story and character carried the rest. If you've never experienced or cared about those samurai movies I can see how you wouldn't like it. It's not like day gone where it was just another open world zombie game with some extra polish. Tsushima did something unique. "I don't like something everyone else liked so they must be wrong". Exactly, I hate when people act like this Felt that way with wo long. Enemies were repetitive but exploration was forced because level would reset for each area. Getting levels required killing the repetitive mini-bosses. Dumb system that shouldn’t of ever been touched. UPDATE: I didn't like it, refunded it. The game is _VERY_ linear, and when I say very linear, I mean that you cannot jump over 20 cm logs in the forest if that is not 'the path'. Also, when there are two paths, and they are divided by some tall grass, you are unable to go over that either. Combat is almost all about spamming the light attack (difficult enemies and bosses eat HUNDREDS of it easily. You also have a heavy attack and 4 spells, and that's it. The basics really involve just spamming light attacks and dodging shit, but everything seems kind of meh to me. Combat is relatively tight, but I hate bulletspongy enemies... Also, trash mobs are no threat whatsoever. Looks great and runs excellent, at least. Story seems a bit messy, but I would be okay with it if the combat felt good, but to me it doesn't feel good. I would say that's fair. I'm refunding it as well.  Nothing seems to have any real weight for me so I'm bouncing off of it.  I'll pick it back up on a sale but its just not really hitting for me.  This is not me saying its a bad game just not what I'm looking for. So after about 4 hours of gameplay and beating the second boss in chapter 2 I’m still enjoying it but I’m slowly feeling the staleness. Luckily the game makes up for it with that skill tree the new abilities that get sprinkled in every now and then and the addition of “weapons”, armor and interesting boss fights. I really just wish there were items you could find as opposed to just medicine items and chest items. Like I want to get a armor piece from an enemy I fought. Just keeps the game interesting. Give me a reason to explore to my hearts content. All in all I did a 4 hour game session and very much enjoyed it. (Maybe it wasn’t getting stale I was just fatigued but know knows I’ll find out tomorrow) staleness just hit for me at the tiger boss in chapter 2, the game is just spamming the exact same combo with a very forgivable roll spam (takes almost no stamina, and you can just spam it and not take any hits). I'm first trying almost every boss but they are now slogs since they take 100 light combos and heavy attacks to finish. there is no variance in the combat so far. weapons and armor are linear, new ones make previous ones obsolete.
I tried so hard to love tsushima... but it got stale on me.. beautiful game but i couldnt get into it like i felt i should have based on so many people and reviews.. Same here. It was so praised and I've even seen posts about it being the greatest game of all time. I found it to be beautiful with excellent combat. However, felt very repetitive and the world, while lovely looking, was very repetitive and lacked substance Best looking game I’ve seen on my PS5 to date and a super fun first like 10 hours, just kinda got old to me. I haven’t gone back for quite some time It was a big beautiful and boring open world, with floaty combat, repetitive side quests, and a boring main story, I don't understand the acclaim Tsushima appealed to people's love for old samurai movies and captured them almost perfectly. The open world and combat were fun enough to make you want to run around and interact and then the story and character carried the rest. If you've never experienced or cared about those samurai movies I can see how you wouldn't like it. It's not like day gone where it was just another open world zombie game with some extra polish. Tsushima did something unique. "I don't like something everyone else liked so they must be wrong". Exactly, I hate when people act like this
Same here. It was so praised and I've even seen posts about it being the greatest game of all time. I found it to be beautiful with excellent combat. However, felt very repetitive and the world, while lovely looking, was very repetitive and lacked substance Best looking game I’ve seen on my PS5 to date and a super fun first like 10 hours, just kinda got old to me. I haven’t gone back for quite some time
Best looking game I’ve seen on my PS5 to date and a super fun first like 10 hours, just kinda got old to me. I haven’t gone back for quite some time
It was a big beautiful and boring open world, with floaty combat, repetitive side quests, and a boring main story, I don't understand the acclaim Tsushima appealed to people's love for old samurai movies and captured them almost perfectly. The open world and combat were fun enough to make you want to run around and interact and then the story and character carried the rest. If you've never experienced or cared about those samurai movies I can see how you wouldn't like it. It's not like day gone where it was just another open world zombie game with some extra polish. Tsushima did something unique. "I don't like something everyone else liked so they must be wrong". Exactly, I hate when people act like this
Tsushima appealed to people's love for old samurai movies and captured them almost perfectly. The open world and combat were fun enough to make you want to run around and interact and then the story and character carried the rest. If you've never experienced or cared about those samurai movies I can see how you wouldn't like it. It's not like day gone where it was just another open world zombie game with some extra polish. Tsushima did something unique.
"I don't like something everyone else liked so they must be wrong". Exactly, I hate when people act like this
Exactly, I hate when people act like this
Felt that way with wo long. Enemies were repetitive but exploration was forced because level would reset for each area. Getting levels required killing the repetitive mini-bosses. Dumb system that shouldn’t of ever been touched.
UPDATE: I didn't like it, refunded it. The game is _VERY_ linear, and when I say very linear, I mean that you cannot jump over 20 cm logs in the forest if that is not 'the path'. Also, when there are two paths, and they are divided by some tall grass, you are unable to go over that either. Combat is almost all about spamming the light attack (difficult enemies and bosses eat HUNDREDS of it easily. You also have a heavy attack and 4 spells, and that's it. The basics really involve just spamming light attacks and dodging shit, but everything seems kind of meh to me. Combat is relatively tight, but I hate bulletspongy enemies... Also, trash mobs are no threat whatsoever. Looks great and runs excellent, at least. Story seems a bit messy, but I would be okay with it if the combat felt good, but to me it doesn't feel good. I would say that's fair. I'm refunding it as well.  Nothing seems to have any real weight for me so I'm bouncing off of it.  I'll pick it back up on a sale but its just not really hitting for me.  This is not me saying its a bad game just not what I'm looking for.
I would say that's fair.
I'm refunding it as well.  Nothing seems to have any real weight for me so I'm bouncing off of it.  I'll pick it back up on a sale but its just not really hitting for me.  This is not me saying its a bad game just not what I'm looking for.
So after about 4 hours of gameplay and beating the second boss in chapter 2 I’m still enjoying it but I’m slowly feeling the staleness. Luckily the game makes up for it with that skill tree the new abilities that get sprinkled in every now and then and the addition of “weapons”, armor and interesting boss fights. I really just wish there were items you could find as opposed to just medicine items and chest items. Like I want to get a armor piece from an enemy I fought. Just keeps the game interesting. Give me a reason to explore to my hearts content. All in all I did a 4 hour game session and very much enjoyed it. (Maybe it wasn’t getting stale I was just fatigued but know knows I’ll find out tomorrow) staleness just hit for me at the tiger boss in chapter 2, the game is just spamming the exact same combo with a very forgivable roll spam (takes almost no stamina, and you can just spam it and not take any hits). I'm first trying almost every boss but they are now slogs since they take 100 light combos and heavy attacks to finish. there is no variance in the combat so far. weapons and armor are linear, new ones make previous ones obsolete.
staleness just hit for me at the tiger boss in chapter 2, the game is just spamming the exact same combo with a very forgivable roll spam (takes almost no stamina, and you can just spam it and not take any hits). I'm first trying almost every boss but they are now slogs since they take 100 light combos and heavy attacks to finish. there is no variance in the combat so far. weapons and armor are linear, new ones make previous ones obsolete.
It looks like something I'll probably enjoy when I grab it on sale a year from now.
God bless the people saying it’s not a soulslike, bro it’s literally LIKE THE SOULS GAMES. It plays just like one, the controls are the same, user interface is the same, you rest at bonfires throughout the zones, and guess what! You’re still rolling to dodge attacks. I truly think that half these people never picked up a souls game OR never got far enough to know. Only those who achieved Git Gud will understand.
Very fun so far. I’m also really glad I read the book last month since this takes place after it Whats the name of the book? It's it's an off spot of journey to the west I’m talking about Journey to the West, though I read the abridged version called Monkey King. Black Myth Wukong seems to be a sequel to the story
Whats the name of the book? It's it's an off spot of journey to the west I’m talking about Journey to the West, though I read the abridged version called Monkey King. Black Myth Wukong seems to be a sequel to the story
I’m talking about Journey to the West, though I read the abridged version called Monkey King. Black Myth Wukong seems to be a sequel to the story
I‘m pretty underwhelmed so far. at the same point, only boss ive died to is the early blue guy. I dont mind it lacking challenge if its fun but player side combat feels pretty lacking. Was hoping for a lot more robust of a combo system/routing. Really just a lot of spam light attack and hit focus and pop freeze on cooldown GGs Yeah, the lack of impact on light attacks seems kinda silly. Beautiful game, but the combat doesn't feel good to me. I dug it at first, but kinda gets old quick. I agree, but it seems like they’re just giving you the absolute basics in the beginning. You can tell by the different stances, moves we’ve seen in trailers, skill tree etc that it’ll get a lot more fleshed out. I just hate all the invisible walls so far. Exploration is one of my faves in these games 用户已删除评论 Later on I expect you get more options for building Focus so your gameplay is less light attack spammy. For example, I saw in the skill tree that there’s an upgrade for the follow up to the Staff stance varied combo (the one where you spin around the pole) that makes it generate Focus if you fulfill some condition I can’t remember. The Staff stance varied combo already generates Focus so you could potentially go positive on Focus and not need the light attack to build it anymore. Not saying you should keep playing if you’re not having fun, just that I can see the later levels being more ability focused and less light attack spam. Cause Elden Ring/souls have a great combo system, right? 用户已删除评论 I love soulsborne/fromsoft games. I just don’t like when people pretend that the combos and/or animations have really changed in the last 8 or so years. They haven’t. And that’s okay. But to say otherwise is just being willfully ignorant. Like I said, I love fromsoft games. All of them. I’ve beat every one of them save DS2. Edit: R1, R1, R1. Sometimes R2. In between those, you can dodge. Oh, and sometimes, you can do a cool thing with your weapon. Rinse and repeat. Let’s be honest here lmao. But the games are still great. But the combat is as simple as could be. There are no true combos. Yeah same, It s cool, I like the design but the combat feels meh
Yeah, the lack of impact on light attacks seems kinda silly. Beautiful game, but the combat doesn't feel good to me. I dug it at first, but kinda gets old quick. I agree, but it seems like they’re just giving you the absolute basics in the beginning. You can tell by the different stances, moves we’ve seen in trailers, skill tree etc that it’ll get a lot more fleshed out. I just hate all the invisible walls so far. Exploration is one of my faves in these games 用户已删除评论 Later on I expect you get more options for building Focus so your gameplay is less light attack spammy. For example, I saw in the skill tree that there’s an upgrade for the follow up to the Staff stance varied combo (the one where you spin around the pole) that makes it generate Focus if you fulfill some condition I can’t remember. The Staff stance varied combo already generates Focus so you could potentially go positive on Focus and not need the light attack to build it anymore. Not saying you should keep playing if you’re not having fun, just that I can see the later levels being more ability focused and less light attack spam.
I agree, but it seems like they’re just giving you the absolute basics in the beginning. You can tell by the different stances, moves we’ve seen in trailers, skill tree etc that it’ll get a lot more fleshed out. I just hate all the invisible walls so far. Exploration is one of my faves in these games 用户已删除评论 Later on I expect you get more options for building Focus so your gameplay is less light attack spammy. For example, I saw in the skill tree that there’s an upgrade for the follow up to the Staff stance varied combo (the one where you spin around the pole) that makes it generate Focus if you fulfill some condition I can’t remember. The Staff stance varied combo already generates Focus so you could potentially go positive on Focus and not need the light attack to build it anymore. Not saying you should keep playing if you’re not having fun, just that I can see the later levels being more ability focused and less light attack spam.
用户已删除评论 Later on I expect you get more options for building Focus so your gameplay is less light attack spammy. For example, I saw in the skill tree that there’s an upgrade for the follow up to the Staff stance varied combo (the one where you spin around the pole) that makes it generate Focus if you fulfill some condition I can’t remember. The Staff stance varied combo already generates Focus so you could potentially go positive on Focus and not need the light attack to build it anymore. Not saying you should keep playing if you’re not having fun, just that I can see the later levels being more ability focused and less light attack spam.
Later on I expect you get more options for building Focus so your gameplay is less light attack spammy. For example, I saw in the skill tree that there’s an upgrade for the follow up to the Staff stance varied combo (the one where you spin around the pole) that makes it generate Focus if you fulfill some condition I can’t remember. The Staff stance varied combo already generates Focus so you could potentially go positive on Focus and not need the light attack to build it anymore. Not saying you should keep playing if you’re not having fun, just that I can see the later levels being more ability focused and less light attack spam.
Cause Elden Ring/souls have a great combo system, right? 用户已删除评论 I love soulsborne/fromsoft games. I just don’t like when people pretend that the combos and/or animations have really changed in the last 8 or so years. They haven’t. And that’s okay. But to say otherwise is just being willfully ignorant. Like I said, I love fromsoft games. All of them. I’ve beat every one of them save DS2. Edit: R1, R1, R1. Sometimes R2. In between those, you can dodge. Oh, and sometimes, you can do a cool thing with your weapon. Rinse and repeat. Let’s be honest here lmao. But the games are still great. But the combat is as simple as could be. There are no true combos.
用户已删除评论 I love soulsborne/fromsoft games. I just don’t like when people pretend that the combos and/or animations have really changed in the last 8 or so years. They haven’t. And that’s okay. But to say otherwise is just being willfully ignorant. Like I said, I love fromsoft games. All of them. I’ve beat every one of them save DS2. Edit: R1, R1, R1. Sometimes R2. In between those, you can dodge. Oh, and sometimes, you can do a cool thing with your weapon. Rinse and repeat. Let’s be honest here lmao. But the games are still great. But the combat is as simple as could be. There are no true combos.
I love soulsborne/fromsoft games. I just don’t like when people pretend that the combos and/or animations have really changed in the last 8 or so years. They haven’t. And that’s okay. But to say otherwise is just being willfully ignorant. Like I said, I love fromsoft games. All of them. I’ve beat every one of them save DS2. Edit: R1, R1, R1. Sometimes R2. In between those, you can dodge. Oh, and sometimes, you can do a cool thing with your weapon. Rinse and repeat. Let’s be honest here lmao. But the games are still great. But the combat is as simple as could be. There are no true combos.
Yeah same, It s cool, I like the design but the combat feels meh
How is the performance? Im holding off on getting it cause not sure on optimization
I’m loving it so far, I bought it on PC, beautiful game goty material
Haven't people been saying it's not a soulslike ? It is and it isn't. It has a lot of the same elements you'd find in Soulslikes. Primarily there are "bonfires" (Shrines here) that you activate that you can rest and fast travel from and will respawn enemies when you rest. It has some of the same gameplay loop of high damaging enemies, a gourd/estus that heals and will refill upon rest, and visually is feels like a souls like. However, that's where it ends. The rest of it is just good old action RPG fun. The devs themselves tried telling people this lol shit is soulslike for sure. arguing over minutiae is for boring ass people What about it is souls like? There are no bonfires. The combat isn't similar. You don't lose your currency when you die. It's very easy. I don't see any similarities. It’s not. It’s an ARPG more like the newer God of War games. But people can’t seem to separate “challenging game” from “soulslike” on the internet You realize GOW 2018 combat is inspired by Dark Souls right This game Wukong is a soulslike, the combat is faster but follows the same principles and also camera perspective Because you dodge and attack? How is that based on dark souls? And even if it was, the combat being reminiscent of dark souls doesn’t make it a soulslike. Camera perspective? Souls games are 3rd person and GoW2018 is a close over the shoulder perspective, more like RE4 than DS Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls And you're right, Wukong is not a soulslike just because the combat is similar, there are other things in a soulslike like a bonfire checkpoint system and a focus on challenging boss fights (instead of fighting waves of enemies like old GOW or DMC) Oh wait.....this game has those too. I guess a bunch of cinematics, a rarity gear system, and skills that have cooldown make it GOW2018 to you. And the devs of Wukong themselves said that it’s not a soulslike. So are we respecting the teams intent in these classifications or are we ignoring them? Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls Where? It has more in common with metroidvanias than soulslikes. Uhh no GoW is nothing like a souls game The combat of GoW 2018 is obviously inspired by Dark Souls and Cory Barlog himself said it. Huh?? Where’s that even coming from? Could've sworn I read somewhere the devs talking about being influenced by souls a bit.
It is and it isn't. It has a lot of the same elements you'd find in Soulslikes. Primarily there are "bonfires" (Shrines here) that you activate that you can rest and fast travel from and will respawn enemies when you rest. It has some of the same gameplay loop of high damaging enemies, a gourd/estus that heals and will refill upon rest, and visually is feels like a souls like. However, that's where it ends. The rest of it is just good old action RPG fun.
The devs themselves tried telling people this lol
shit is soulslike for sure. arguing over minutiae is for boring ass people What about it is souls like? There are no bonfires. The combat isn't similar. You don't lose your currency when you die. It's very easy. I don't see any similarities.
What about it is souls like? There are no bonfires. The combat isn't similar. You don't lose your currency when you die. It's very easy. I don't see any similarities.
It’s not. It’s an ARPG more like the newer God of War games. But people can’t seem to separate “challenging game” from “soulslike” on the internet You realize GOW 2018 combat is inspired by Dark Souls right This game Wukong is a soulslike, the combat is faster but follows the same principles and also camera perspective Because you dodge and attack? How is that based on dark souls? And even if it was, the combat being reminiscent of dark souls doesn’t make it a soulslike. Camera perspective? Souls games are 3rd person and GoW2018 is a close over the shoulder perspective, more like RE4 than DS Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls And you're right, Wukong is not a soulslike just because the combat is similar, there are other things in a soulslike like a bonfire checkpoint system and a focus on challenging boss fights (instead of fighting waves of enemies like old GOW or DMC) Oh wait.....this game has those too. I guess a bunch of cinematics, a rarity gear system, and skills that have cooldown make it GOW2018 to you. And the devs of Wukong themselves said that it’s not a soulslike. So are we respecting the teams intent in these classifications or are we ignoring them? Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls Where? It has more in common with metroidvanias than soulslikes. Uhh no GoW is nothing like a souls game The combat of GoW 2018 is obviously inspired by Dark Souls and Cory Barlog himself said it. Huh?? Where’s that even coming from? Could've sworn I read somewhere the devs talking about being influenced by souls a bit.
You realize GOW 2018 combat is inspired by Dark Souls right This game Wukong is a soulslike, the combat is faster but follows the same principles and also camera perspective Because you dodge and attack? How is that based on dark souls? And even if it was, the combat being reminiscent of dark souls doesn’t make it a soulslike. Camera perspective? Souls games are 3rd person and GoW2018 is a close over the shoulder perspective, more like RE4 than DS Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls And you're right, Wukong is not a soulslike just because the combat is similar, there are other things in a soulslike like a bonfire checkpoint system and a focus on challenging boss fights (instead of fighting waves of enemies like old GOW or DMC) Oh wait.....this game has those too. I guess a bunch of cinematics, a rarity gear system, and skills that have cooldown make it GOW2018 to you. And the devs of Wukong themselves said that it’s not a soulslike. So are we respecting the teams intent in these classifications or are we ignoring them? Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls Where? It has more in common with metroidvanias than soulslikes. Uhh no GoW is nothing like a souls game The combat of GoW 2018 is obviously inspired by Dark Souls and Cory Barlog himself said it. Huh?? Where’s that even coming from? Could've sworn I read somewhere the devs talking about being influenced by souls a bit.
Because you dodge and attack? How is that based on dark souls? And even if it was, the combat being reminiscent of dark souls doesn’t make it a soulslike. Camera perspective? Souls games are 3rd person and GoW2018 is a close over the shoulder perspective, more like RE4 than DS Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls And you're right, Wukong is not a soulslike just because the combat is similar, there are other things in a soulslike like a bonfire checkpoint system and a focus on challenging boss fights (instead of fighting waves of enemies like old GOW or DMC) Oh wait.....this game has those too. I guess a bunch of cinematics, a rarity gear system, and skills that have cooldown make it GOW2018 to you. And the devs of Wukong themselves said that it’s not a soulslike. So are we respecting the teams intent in these classifications or are we ignoring them? Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls Where? It has more in common with metroidvanias than soulslikes.
Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls And you're right, Wukong is not a soulslike just because the combat is similar, there are other things in a soulslike like a bonfire checkpoint system and a focus on challenging boss fights (instead of fighting waves of enemies like old GOW or DMC) Oh wait.....this game has those too. I guess a bunch of cinematics, a rarity gear system, and skills that have cooldown make it GOW2018 to you. And the devs of Wukong themselves said that it’s not a soulslike. So are we respecting the teams intent in these classifications or are we ignoring them? Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls Where? It has more in common with metroidvanias than soulslikes.
And the devs of Wukong themselves said that it’s not a soulslike. So are we respecting the teams intent in these classifications or are we ignoring them?
Literally the director of GOW 2018 himself said they took inspiration from dark souls Where? It has more in common with metroidvanias than soulslikes.
Uhh no GoW is nothing like a souls game The combat of GoW 2018 is obviously inspired by Dark Souls and Cory Barlog himself said it.
The combat of GoW 2018 is obviously inspired by Dark Souls and Cory Barlog himself said it.
Huh?? Where’s that even coming from? Could've sworn I read somewhere the devs talking about being influenced by souls a bit.
Could've sworn I read somewhere the devs talking about being influenced by souls a bit.
Hearing it compared to God of War mostly, I feel like the combat would be a bit boring. Especially hearing how it’s not difficult like fromsoft games, seems a bit meh. Is there a good combo system? There is no combo system at all Funny because Gamerants review literally starts with "I was expecting God of war but instead got a soulslike" 6/10 Yeah I’m skipping it, not much challenge from what I’ve heard and flashy combat isn’t really my thing.
Is there a good combo system? There is no combo system at all
There is no combo system at all
Funny because Gamerants review literally starts with "I was expecting God of war but instead got a soulslike" 6/10
Yeah I’m skipping it, not much challenge from what I’ve heard and flashy combat isn’t really my thing.
I dunno, I watched some 'Let's Play' videos and found the boss designs and moves really cool, but not challenging. The bosses seem to do... weird things. Like doing attack combos on the other end of the arena by themselves. Or just standing there watching while the player registers 16 hit combos. Or just standing facing to the side for 3-4 seconds, not facing the player. (I'm not talking about the immobilize spell.)
Game feels like crack to me, it’s so good I can’t stop playing 😂
45 hours in and it's still delivering!
"Its not a souls like it's GOW!!!" GOW 2018 combat is literally inspired by Dark souls....a focus on dodging, lack of animation canceling, same camera perspective etc
Why is this posted in souls like? It’s not that game yall. Not sure why you're getting downvoted. The devs have been saying it's not a soulslike for a while now. It's more similar to GoW or the Jedi games. To me the Jedi games are souls likes
Not sure why you're getting downvoted. The devs have been saying it's not a soulslike for a while now. It's more similar to GoW or the Jedi games. To me the Jedi games are souls likes
To me the Jedi games are souls likes
So glad it’s linear. I’m very bored of the open world RPGs we get 20 times a year
Just another game I'll have to wait to play because Microsoft demands feature parity with the budget console.
I really don’t think this game is a soulslike, much closer to the new god of war games
It looks great but feels very basic. The animations and sound effects leave a lot to be desired and feel unpolished.
Its better than hod of war and I loved both games u have to use ur brain on some fights I can combo then transform to frog then press r2 and square I think and I transform again to the man with flaming staff and I can freeze time games the best game I played in yrs
It's kot better than both jedi games I completed them both this is a lot better
Substantial try there's multiple paths on first chapter it's not open world but ur bot stuck to one path and the second chapter opens right up u need to play it again mt
I thought it would be a crazy bait and switch like the day before. It just looks like vertical slices in ever retailer. The crazy sons of bitches did it. Didn't think I'd purchase day one but here we are
i don’t like how linear it is but the combat has been dope
It more forgiving than a souls game and only first chapter is sort linear but its not really as there's still multiple paths on first chapter game is goty for me
And it's not linear after first chapter game up open up I haven't got that far but my friend has its bit like a souls gane but its also not as well u keep everything when u die .
Been pretty fun. I beat the wolf and the snake man first try, but took about 15 tries to beat the blue baby because I didn't know how armor worked How does it work? Lol
How does it work? Lol
is it hard? Like last night
Like last night
Anyone have bad experiences on the technical side for PS5? Yes, it plays smooth on performance. Of course it's downscale. But looks and plays great imo. No complaints yet.
Yes, it plays smooth on performance. Of course it's downscale. But looks and plays great imo. No complaints yet.
How would you compare it to stellar blade? Stellar blade kinda bored me. Is there different weapon types?
How difficult is it so to say, if you can compare it to a souls game or any other game? Hollow knight, sekrio e.g. For me it’s harder than Souls games but easier than Sekiro. About half the bosses I’ve first tried, two have taken 10+ attempts. I’m in chapter 2 there’s been a fuckload of bosses so far. All really fun and unique. Honestly the fights feel like a breath of fresh air. Much much much easier
For me it’s harder than Souls games but easier than Sekiro. About half the bosses I’ve first tried, two have taken 10+ attempts. I’m in chapter 2 there’s been a fuckload of bosses so far. All really fun and unique. Honestly the fights feel like a breath of fresh air.
Much much much easier
Been playing the PS5 version on performance mode and it's amazing, I just dont see what ppl were saying about this mode, it's not blurry at all, maybe it's because I'm using a VRR TV but I haven't noticed any frame drops, it feels stable
Is it like Stellar Blade but for non-coomers? it has a ton less variety in combat than stellar blade
it has a ton less variety in combat than stellar blade
Just beat my fourth boss I think it’s a really fun beautiful game and the boss fights are great I’m going back and forth on how much I like the combat especially against regular enemies I could see it getting old but perfect dodge is satisfying overall I’m enjoying it a lot so far
I'm excited to go half on it with my cousin. If dragon age wasn't around the corner I wouldve just got it myself.
It's a god of war-like if anything
Between this, gundam breaker in a week, ff xvi in a few weeks, and the new dragon age coming later I'm gonna be eating ramen for the next few years ffs lol. Rpg fans eating real good this year.
So many bots out today
Gonna be honest, it’s a good game but it’s not that up there. Maybe it’s only coz I’ve played a couple hours of it but I was way more hooked onto Elden ring by this point. But then there are a few other games I’m playing rn so could be that also
What I will say is that this is a helluva AAA debut from a mobile studio, gotta respect the ambition.
Honestly the game is good but it's getting kinda boring. The boss fights are incredible but getting to them is kinda lame.
I think it’s just okay. Visually, it’s spectacular, art design and all. Gameplay (in chapter 2) it’s quite mediocre imo, and while the bosses are fun, I find myself spamming dodge, and that’s a critical issue I’ve been having with souls likes ever since DS3. So yeah fun game but I don’t think it holds up to the other new Asian AAAs we’ve been getting such as Lies of P & Stellar Blade. Then again I’m still in the beginning, maybe the combat system will impress more as it goes on.
Is it a long game?
Why is everyone arguing whether or not it's a souls like when not a single one of you can define what that means?
Question for anyone playing currently, how is it running on PC? Determining whether I wait for a sale rn
How am I the only one that finds these invisible walls atrocious and really annoying. Especially in boss fights. Otherwise it is amazing though.
Is the game funny
Glad it’s hitting for others but I can’t get over how weightless everything feels. The strikes have little to no impact and make the combat feel weak IMO
combat is awful so far - lack of impact/weight, input delay, attacks not registering...it doesn't know what it wants to be, God of War or Souls-like, or a mix. Invisible walls are an instant turn-off for me also, translation seems off as well.
Same here! That two-phase boss fight is intense. The game really nails the atmosphere and combat. If you're into the lore, Wukong GPT is worth checking out too—it lets you explore the story in a new way, and there are rewards up for grabs while you're at it!
It's just The Forbidden Kingdom (Jet Li &Jackie Chan) on top of a very basic version of dark souls.
sekiro isn't even a soulslik Now that's a lie if I ever saw one No that's because it's a souls game.
Now that's a lie if I ever saw one
No that's because it's a souls game.
that's uplifting, heard almost nothing but complaints and weird sinophobia for a month now Disliking the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is NOT sinophobia you clown.
Disliking the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is NOT sinophobia you clown.
