It just dissappears and you never see it again, I don't get ================================================================================  评论列表:
My guess is that it was originally a spell, but got scrapped. But the devs didn’t want all the coding to go to waste so we have this segment. Honestly would’ve liked it as a shrine exclusive skill to scout the level. track me This level has 2 bosses (and one secret) in the same area and they are skippable..so I guess originally they wanted the player to fully explore the area and understand that while the game is linear, it has multiple paths and choices. The cicada form would be really nice as a stealth mode too tbh. I wish we could kept this and the fox as permanent spells for stealth playthrough. yea the issue too is that the depth of field slider got pushed so high so it was hard to see something 10 feet in front of you haha Well, you are supposed to be a cicada haha yea no it makes complete sense artistically, it makes you feel small. But if they wanted it to be used as a level scouting tool its rough in execution to make your vision impaired. A hawk or something would have made sense (like the bat in chapter 3) as an aerial scout that could have been on rails and took you in a circle to scout the entire map. The cicada was also just too slow to be worth using to scout out the level design. Up until this very moment, I was under the impression that you were flying around as an abnormally very large cicada, and wondered why all the enemies paid zero attention to me. I can see it now, but at the moment I did not understand it was supposed to be a small bug lol. "Oh cool, im a fox!" 3 seconds later im hit by a sneaky enemy. "Oh... In no longer a fox..." "Oh great, I can hide as a fox" Enemies: Hey! Get that fox! You have "Snow Fox Brush" in your inventory that'll turn you into a fox again. You're supposed to use it to turn into a fox somewhere in the temple to complete a sidequest You can go back into the fox form by using your key items i just modded that crap out I just immediately detransformed lol See I was confused about this. I’m use to Elden Ring’s open world so as soon as I tried going off the path and hit invisible walls I assumed it was a totally linear game. Turns out there are some little side paths and I’ve definitely missed an item. I’m not sure I can travel back a chapter to get the item. I’m used to elden too, this is a linear game, but most of the time there’s just no obvious choice. I would go one way and find a story boss instead of finding the optional bosses first like how i want too. this game probably would’ve benefited from a map being in the game. Yes i agree, my only issue with the game is no map. You can; there are some items and bosses missable here and there if you complete the chapter before hand, but there’s only a few of those. You can go back to previous chapters you’ve beaten using the shrine. You can use the shrine to travel to any of the previous shrines you collected in the last chapters you played. You can travel back, but there are some side quests that are affected/ rendered unfinishable by main story progression. You can grab things you missed in new game plus runs though Exactly what I'm doing to platinum in ng+ You go from a fairly linear chapter 1 to a winding series of paths in chapter 2. But yeah the invisible walls were annoying. If it has a boss bar it is a boss.. so chapter 1 technically has .. 10.. 11 if you include the scale required one and even if we remove field bosses and include ones you have to beat to continue it would be 5 you can keep the fox as a perma spell. just use the snow fox brush in the inventory. You lose that once you finish the quest. And if you choose not to finish the quest and keep the brush, it won't work outside of chapter 3 oh i think mine might've glitched then. i kept it all the way to chapter 6 and to ng+ You have to go back and talk to the fox afterwards and it takes it away and gives you a curio for longer transformations Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning. So he can keep the fox transformation and take the reward on NG+ or the opposite Cannot keep the fox transformation, it only works in chapter 3 anyways I think part of the charm is that you can hear some dialogue between enemies when you unnoticed. Same! I think there's quite a bit of this game that was initially scrapped and then recycled into core/released content. Chapter 6's map comes to mind, but I'm sure there are less obvious ones. This is not a flaw in my eyes, not inherently at least. Back to the transformation, I imagine initially they thought about giving us more liberty with Wukong's transformations but then probably quickly realized that would pretty much break the game/level's flow. Imagine being able to skip pretty much everything and going straight across the map, lol. Glad they didn't focus on implementing it tbh. I see it as a quick explanation/preview of why you need to slow TF down. Lots of small enemies and two bosses. It doesn't really have use outside of sneaking through the open world so I can see why it's not an actual transformation you can use. The Cicada is related to the Journey to the West story so they probably added it for the fans of the story and used it as a way to introduce you to the area before you start fighting.
This level has 2 bosses (and one secret) in the same area and they are skippable..so I guess originally they wanted the player to fully explore the area and understand that while the game is linear, it has multiple paths and choices. The cicada form would be really nice as a stealth mode too tbh. I wish we could kept this and the fox as permanent spells for stealth playthrough. yea the issue too is that the depth of field slider got pushed so high so it was hard to see something 10 feet in front of you haha Well, you are supposed to be a cicada haha yea no it makes complete sense artistically, it makes you feel small. But if they wanted it to be used as a level scouting tool its rough in execution to make your vision impaired. A hawk or something would have made sense (like the bat in chapter 3) as an aerial scout that could have been on rails and took you in a circle to scout the entire map. The cicada was also just too slow to be worth using to scout out the level design. Up until this very moment, I was under the impression that you were flying around as an abnormally very large cicada, and wondered why all the enemies paid zero attention to me. I can see it now, but at the moment I did not understand it was supposed to be a small bug lol. "Oh cool, im a fox!" 3 seconds later im hit by a sneaky enemy. "Oh... In no longer a fox..." "Oh great, I can hide as a fox" Enemies: Hey! Get that fox! You have "Snow Fox Brush" in your inventory that'll turn you into a fox again. You're supposed to use it to turn into a fox somewhere in the temple to complete a sidequest You can go back into the fox form by using your key items i just modded that crap out I just immediately detransformed lol See I was confused about this. I’m use to Elden Ring’s open world so as soon as I tried going off the path and hit invisible walls I assumed it was a totally linear game. Turns out there are some little side paths and I’ve definitely missed an item. I’m not sure I can travel back a chapter to get the item. I’m used to elden too, this is a linear game, but most of the time there’s just no obvious choice. I would go one way and find a story boss instead of finding the optional bosses first like how i want too. this game probably would’ve benefited from a map being in the game. Yes i agree, my only issue with the game is no map. You can; there are some items and bosses missable here and there if you complete the chapter before hand, but there’s only a few of those. You can go back to previous chapters you’ve beaten using the shrine. You can use the shrine to travel to any of the previous shrines you collected in the last chapters you played. You can travel back, but there are some side quests that are affected/ rendered unfinishable by main story progression. You can grab things you missed in new game plus runs though Exactly what I'm doing to platinum in ng+ You go from a fairly linear chapter 1 to a winding series of paths in chapter 2. But yeah the invisible walls were annoying. If it has a boss bar it is a boss.. so chapter 1 technically has .. 10.. 11 if you include the scale required one and even if we remove field bosses and include ones you have to beat to continue it would be 5 you can keep the fox as a perma spell. just use the snow fox brush in the inventory. You lose that once you finish the quest. And if you choose not to finish the quest and keep the brush, it won't work outside of chapter 3 oh i think mine might've glitched then. i kept it all the way to chapter 6 and to ng+ You have to go back and talk to the fox afterwards and it takes it away and gives you a curio for longer transformations Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning. So he can keep the fox transformation and take the reward on NG+ or the opposite Cannot keep the fox transformation, it only works in chapter 3 anyways
yea the issue too is that the depth of field slider got pushed so high so it was hard to see something 10 feet in front of you haha Well, you are supposed to be a cicada haha yea no it makes complete sense artistically, it makes you feel small. But if they wanted it to be used as a level scouting tool its rough in execution to make your vision impaired. A hawk or something would have made sense (like the bat in chapter 3) as an aerial scout that could have been on rails and took you in a circle to scout the entire map. The cicada was also just too slow to be worth using to scout out the level design. Up until this very moment, I was under the impression that you were flying around as an abnormally very large cicada, and wondered why all the enemies paid zero attention to me. I can see it now, but at the moment I did not understand it was supposed to be a small bug lol. "Oh cool, im a fox!" 3 seconds later im hit by a sneaky enemy. "Oh... In no longer a fox..." "Oh great, I can hide as a fox" Enemies: Hey! Get that fox! You have "Snow Fox Brush" in your inventory that'll turn you into a fox again. You're supposed to use it to turn into a fox somewhere in the temple to complete a sidequest You can go back into the fox form by using your key items i just modded that crap out I just immediately detransformed lol
Well, you are supposed to be a cicada haha yea no it makes complete sense artistically, it makes you feel small. But if they wanted it to be used as a level scouting tool its rough in execution to make your vision impaired. A hawk or something would have made sense (like the bat in chapter 3) as an aerial scout that could have been on rails and took you in a circle to scout the entire map. The cicada was also just too slow to be worth using to scout out the level design. Up until this very moment, I was under the impression that you were flying around as an abnormally very large cicada, and wondered why all the enemies paid zero attention to me. I can see it now, but at the moment I did not understand it was supposed to be a small bug lol.
haha yea no it makes complete sense artistically, it makes you feel small. But if they wanted it to be used as a level scouting tool its rough in execution to make your vision impaired. A hawk or something would have made sense (like the bat in chapter 3) as an aerial scout that could have been on rails and took you in a circle to scout the entire map. The cicada was also just too slow to be worth using to scout out the level design.
Up until this very moment, I was under the impression that you were flying around as an abnormally very large cicada, and wondered why all the enemies paid zero attention to me. I can see it now, but at the moment I did not understand it was supposed to be a small bug lol.
"Oh cool, im a fox!" 3 seconds later im hit by a sneaky enemy. "Oh... In no longer a fox..." "Oh great, I can hide as a fox" Enemies: Hey! Get that fox! You have "Snow Fox Brush" in your inventory that'll turn you into a fox again. You're supposed to use it to turn into a fox somewhere in the temple to complete a sidequest You can go back into the fox form by using your key items
"Oh great, I can hide as a fox" Enemies: Hey! Get that fox!
You have "Snow Fox Brush" in your inventory that'll turn you into a fox again. You're supposed to use it to turn into a fox somewhere in the temple to complete a sidequest
You can go back into the fox form by using your key items
i just modded that crap out I just immediately detransformed lol
I just immediately detransformed lol
See I was confused about this. I’m use to Elden Ring’s open world so as soon as I tried going off the path and hit invisible walls I assumed it was a totally linear game. Turns out there are some little side paths and I’ve definitely missed an item. I’m not sure I can travel back a chapter to get the item. I’m used to elden too, this is a linear game, but most of the time there’s just no obvious choice. I would go one way and find a story boss instead of finding the optional bosses first like how i want too. this game probably would’ve benefited from a map being in the game. Yes i agree, my only issue with the game is no map. You can; there are some items and bosses missable here and there if you complete the chapter before hand, but there’s only a few of those. You can go back to previous chapters you’ve beaten using the shrine. You can use the shrine to travel to any of the previous shrines you collected in the last chapters you played. You can travel back, but there are some side quests that are affected/ rendered unfinishable by main story progression. You can grab things you missed in new game plus runs though Exactly what I'm doing to platinum in ng+ You go from a fairly linear chapter 1 to a winding series of paths in chapter 2. But yeah the invisible walls were annoying.
I’m used to elden too, this is a linear game, but most of the time there’s just no obvious choice. I would go one way and find a story boss instead of finding the optional bosses first like how i want too. this game probably would’ve benefited from a map being in the game. Yes i agree, my only issue with the game is no map.
Yes i agree, my only issue with the game is no map.
You can; there are some items and bosses missable here and there if you complete the chapter before hand, but there’s only a few of those.
You can go back to previous chapters you’ve beaten using the shrine. You can use the shrine to travel to any of the previous shrines you collected in the last chapters you played.
You can travel back, but there are some side quests that are affected/ rendered unfinishable by main story progression. You can grab things you missed in new game plus runs though Exactly what I'm doing to platinum in ng+
Exactly what I'm doing to platinum in ng+
You go from a fairly linear chapter 1 to a winding series of paths in chapter 2. But yeah the invisible walls were annoying.
If it has a boss bar it is a boss.. so chapter 1 technically has .. 10.. 11 if you include the scale required one and even if we remove field bosses and include ones you have to beat to continue it would be 5
you can keep the fox as a perma spell. just use the snow fox brush in the inventory. You lose that once you finish the quest. And if you choose not to finish the quest and keep the brush, it won't work outside of chapter 3 oh i think mine might've glitched then. i kept it all the way to chapter 6 and to ng+ You have to go back and talk to the fox afterwards and it takes it away and gives you a curio for longer transformations Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning. So he can keep the fox transformation and take the reward on NG+ or the opposite Cannot keep the fox transformation, it only works in chapter 3 anyways
You lose that once you finish the quest. And if you choose not to finish the quest and keep the brush, it won't work outside of chapter 3 oh i think mine might've glitched then. i kept it all the way to chapter 6 and to ng+ You have to go back and talk to the fox afterwards and it takes it away and gives you a curio for longer transformations Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning. So he can keep the fox transformation and take the reward on NG+ or the opposite Cannot keep the fox transformation, it only works in chapter 3 anyways
And if you choose not to finish the quest and keep the brush, it won't work outside of chapter 3
oh i think mine might've glitched then. i kept it all the way to chapter 6 and to ng+ You have to go back and talk to the fox afterwards and it takes it away and gives you a curio for longer transformations Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning.
You have to go back and talk to the fox afterwards and it takes it away and gives you a curio for longer transformations Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning.
Oh shit I missed that part I got the revenge and thought I was done lol where is the fox at? In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning.
In front of archway just past the first shrine in the forest of felicity. Same place you got the fox brush at the beginning.
So he can keep the fox transformation and take the reward on NG+ or the opposite Cannot keep the fox transformation, it only works in chapter 3 anyways
Cannot keep the fox transformation, it only works in chapter 3 anyways
I think part of the charm is that you can hear some dialogue between enemies when you unnoticed.
Same! I think there's quite a bit of this game that was initially scrapped and then recycled into core/released content. Chapter 6's map comes to mind, but I'm sure there are less obvious ones. This is not a flaw in my eyes, not inherently at least. Back to the transformation, I imagine initially they thought about giving us more liberty with Wukong's transformations but then probably quickly realized that would pretty much break the game/level's flow. Imagine being able to skip pretty much everything and going straight across the map, lol. Glad they didn't focus on implementing it tbh.
I see it as a quick explanation/preview of why you need to slow TF down. Lots of small enemies and two bosses.
It doesn't really have use outside of sneaking through the open world so I can see why it's not an actual transformation you can use. The Cicada is related to the Journey to the West story so they probably added it for the fans of the story and used it as a way to introduce you to the area before you start fighting.
I thought it was introduction to transformation skill Thats what I thought, same as the Fox later in Chapter 3 The fox is if you do the quest I was doing the quest, using the fox to zip around the area and thought to myself, “this game definitely won’t reward you by taking away an ability”… They took away the ability Yeah, I kinda expected it but also wished it would stay. That area (and some others too) desperately need it to pick up the pace.
Thats what I thought, same as the Fox later in Chapter 3 The fox is if you do the quest I was doing the quest, using the fox to zip around the area and thought to myself, “this game definitely won’t reward you by taking away an ability”… They took away the ability Yeah, I kinda expected it but also wished it would stay. That area (and some others too) desperately need it to pick up the pace.
The fox is if you do the quest I was doing the quest, using the fox to zip around the area and thought to myself, “this game definitely won’t reward you by taking away an ability”… They took away the ability Yeah, I kinda expected it but also wished it would stay. That area (and some others too) desperately need it to pick up the pace.
I was doing the quest, using the fox to zip around the area and thought to myself, “this game definitely won’t reward you by taking away an ability”… They took away the ability Yeah, I kinda expected it but also wished it would stay. That area (and some others too) desperately need it to pick up the pace.
Yeah, I kinda expected it but also wished it would stay. That area (and some others too) desperately need it to pick up the pace.
It was so confusing This game kinda is overall bit confusing. Damage works inconsistently in bosses. Sometimes you are just transformed to some for and have no clue what’s going on. Caves and other areas looks very similar and thus confusing as heck. It’s a cool game, I’ve finished it and liked it; but 80% of the time I had no fucking clue where I am or what am I doing On the snow Fox transformation (I think it was a snow Fox) in chapter 3 I ran off a cliff and turned back to a monkey and never got to transform to that Fox again haha. That’s the problem with the invisible walls, sometimes it stops you sometimes you fall to your death Same thing happened to me but I believe you should have an item that allows you to turn back into the fox and complete the mission I slotted the fox brush on my d-pad for that section. it's actually quite useful as the fox can run infinitely without using much stamina. You're given an item that turns you into the fox so if you die you can turn into the fox again.
This game kinda is overall bit confusing. Damage works inconsistently in bosses. Sometimes you are just transformed to some for and have no clue what’s going on. Caves and other areas looks very similar and thus confusing as heck. It’s a cool game, I’ve finished it and liked it; but 80% of the time I had no fucking clue where I am or what am I doing On the snow Fox transformation (I think it was a snow Fox) in chapter 3 I ran off a cliff and turned back to a monkey and never got to transform to that Fox again haha. That’s the problem with the invisible walls, sometimes it stops you sometimes you fall to your death Same thing happened to me but I believe you should have an item that allows you to turn back into the fox and complete the mission I slotted the fox brush on my d-pad for that section. it's actually quite useful as the fox can run infinitely without using much stamina. You're given an item that turns you into the fox so if you die you can turn into the fox again.
On the snow Fox transformation (I think it was a snow Fox) in chapter 3 I ran off a cliff and turned back to a monkey and never got to transform to that Fox again haha. That’s the problem with the invisible walls, sometimes it stops you sometimes you fall to your death Same thing happened to me but I believe you should have an item that allows you to turn back into the fox and complete the mission I slotted the fox brush on my d-pad for that section. it's actually quite useful as the fox can run infinitely without using much stamina. You're given an item that turns you into the fox so if you die you can turn into the fox again.
Same thing happened to me but I believe you should have an item that allows you to turn back into the fox and complete the mission I slotted the fox brush on my d-pad for that section. it's actually quite useful as the fox can run infinitely without using much stamina.
I slotted the fox brush on my d-pad for that section. it's actually quite useful as the fox can run infinitely without using much stamina.
it's actually quite useful as the fox can run infinitely without using much stamina.
You're given an item that turns you into the fox so if you die you can turn into the fox again.
To flex the bug butt Behold! The Bug Butt!
Behold! The Bug Butt!
Its just a phase, the devs knew ud prefer to play as a bug than a monkey on whom they poured sweat to design. I think they shouldve kept this in the game but make it so that you can only use it for a limited time and it has a cooldown. They kinda did the same with the fox brush in chapter 3. Would’ve been incredibly neat if we had an item or a shrine only spell that allows us to transform into the cicada even if people probably won’t use it very often. It just feels like it’s cool to have that as an optional feature. Adds more flavour.
I think they shouldve kept this in the game but make it so that you can only use it for a limited time and it has a cooldown. They kinda did the same with the fox brush in chapter 3. Would’ve been incredibly neat if we had an item or a shrine only spell that allows us to transform into the cicada even if people probably won’t use it very often. It just feels like it’s cool to have that as an optional feature. Adds more flavour.
They kinda did the same with the fox brush in chapter 3. Would’ve been incredibly neat if we had an item or a shrine only spell that allows us to transform into the cicada even if people probably won’t use it very often. It just feels like it’s cool to have that as an optional feature. Adds more flavour.
This is just a guess, but I think it is probably something they were originally going let you have as a permanent spell but then it got cut once they realised it let you skip half the game. Would be great if they later make it permanent on ng+ where you want to rush to the things you missed for platinum trophy. One of my gripes with this game, that expects you to play minimum three times by the way, is that there isn’t much reward for going back into the game. I would love a movement option that allows me to traverse more efficiently. Something lightweight and wispy, ideally 🤔. I wish more games made more of an acknowledgement that you already completed the game and gave you more options to go through it again how you’d like. Oof I feel the complete opposite, wukong is the first game in a while to acknowledge ng+ in a satisfying way. Firstly you learn a badass spell from the shell, then all the shop npcs have mythical items to be bought. You can earn an additional curio slot per ng cycle. I’m pretty sure there are ng+ exclusive weapons and armor lol. I will say I’d LOVE if ng* 3 shell reacted to you having his complete body parts , but I highly doubt the already bombastic cutscene will be altered
Would be great if they later make it permanent on ng+ where you want to rush to the things you missed for platinum trophy. One of my gripes with this game, that expects you to play minimum three times by the way, is that there isn’t much reward for going back into the game. I would love a movement option that allows me to traverse more efficiently. Something lightweight and wispy, ideally 🤔. I wish more games made more of an acknowledgement that you already completed the game and gave you more options to go through it again how you’d like. Oof I feel the complete opposite, wukong is the first game in a while to acknowledge ng+ in a satisfying way. Firstly you learn a badass spell from the shell, then all the shop npcs have mythical items to be bought. You can earn an additional curio slot per ng cycle. I’m pretty sure there are ng+ exclusive weapons and armor lol. I will say I’d LOVE if ng* 3 shell reacted to you having his complete body parts , but I highly doubt the already bombastic cutscene will be altered
One of my gripes with this game, that expects you to play minimum three times by the way, is that there isn’t much reward for going back into the game. I would love a movement option that allows me to traverse more efficiently. Something lightweight and wispy, ideally 🤔. I wish more games made more of an acknowledgement that you already completed the game and gave you more options to go through it again how you’d like. Oof I feel the complete opposite, wukong is the first game in a while to acknowledge ng+ in a satisfying way. Firstly you learn a badass spell from the shell, then all the shop npcs have mythical items to be bought. You can earn an additional curio slot per ng cycle. I’m pretty sure there are ng+ exclusive weapons and armor lol. I will say I’d LOVE if ng* 3 shell reacted to you having his complete body parts , but I highly doubt the already bombastic cutscene will be altered
Oof I feel the complete opposite, wukong is the first game in a while to acknowledge ng+ in a satisfying way. Firstly you learn a badass spell from the shell, then all the shop npcs have mythical items to be bought. You can earn an additional curio slot per ng cycle. I’m pretty sure there are ng+ exclusive weapons and armor lol. I will say I’d LOVE if ng* 3 shell reacted to you having his complete body parts , but I highly doubt the already bombastic cutscene will be altered
My take is that game science do this mainly because a flying transformation witch players can get this early in the game, can potentially break the experience due to it's capability to get around invisible walls and terrain. But they already showcase this transformation in early trailer,so they made compromise to limit it in one specific  scene. Yeah I think your right. I also think alot was changed from those trailers. In the final one they show a part of the cutscene from chapter 4 from when ya knock on the door as the pigs and the horned guy answers but your not transformed and it's just you without bajie and another from a trailer of another WuKong stopping you mid fight
Yeah I think your right. I also think alot was changed from those trailers. In the final one they show a part of the cutscene from chapter 4 from when ya knock on the door as the pigs and the horned guy answers but your not transformed and it's just you without bajie and another from a trailer of another WuKong stopping you mid fight
😂 same question I guess was just to give u a chance flying around and explore the area This thing isn't even good for exploring or stealth because I got instantly spotted by Wandering Wight. It's useless That’s interesting to know.  I avoided him and went to the fire fox where my time ran out. He saw me, and I got taken out of the transformation
This thing isn't even good for exploring or stealth because I got instantly spotted by Wandering Wight. It's useless That’s interesting to know.  I avoided him and went to the fire fox where my time ran out. He saw me, and I got taken out of the transformation
That’s interesting to know.  I avoided him and went to the fire fox where my time ran out. He saw me, and I got taken out of the transformation
He saw me, and I got taken out of the transformation
The point is to align the game with Wukong transformations from Journey to the West. You are also transformed into a peach when you start. That never happens again. But U dont play as a peach i'm trying to justify the tree transformation I haven't tried it yet but it looks hilarious The tree spirit skill heals you so I guess it’s decent for survival when you’re low on gourd uses. Though the passive heal when it’s maxed out is decent I wish the active skill did more like restored some mana and might or inflicted some type of status on enemies. There’s really no point in using it combat as far as I can tell. It’s a good passive with spellbinder active tho. Sadly :( But what if you could ?!?
But U dont play as a peach i'm trying to justify the tree transformation I haven't tried it yet but it looks hilarious The tree spirit skill heals you so I guess it’s decent for survival when you’re low on gourd uses. Though the passive heal when it’s maxed out is decent I wish the active skill did more like restored some mana and might or inflicted some type of status on enemies. There’s really no point in using it combat as far as I can tell. It’s a good passive with spellbinder active tho. Sadly :( But what if you could ?!?
i'm trying to justify the tree transformation I haven't tried it yet but it looks hilarious The tree spirit skill heals you so I guess it’s decent for survival when you’re low on gourd uses. Though the passive heal when it’s maxed out is decent I wish the active skill did more like restored some mana and might or inflicted some type of status on enemies. There’s really no point in using it combat as far as I can tell. It’s a good passive with spellbinder active tho.
The tree spirit skill heals you so I guess it’s decent for survival when you’re low on gourd uses. Though the passive heal when it’s maxed out is decent I wish the active skill did more like restored some mana and might or inflicted some type of status on enemies. There’s really no point in using it combat as far as I can tell. It’s a good passive with spellbinder active tho.
Sadly :(
But what if you could ?!?
I would say that this is more of a plot device to showcase what kind of powers are possible in the world and the lore of Journey to the West. There are many other transformations that Wukong can do in the novel, which is not shown in the game. There is one in the final trailer however where it shows you transforming into a bush to avoid being seen by the giant in chapter 3. Sadly this didn't make it to the final game. Unless I'm missing something here? A lot of these transformations are for sneaking purposes but this game isn't a stealth game lol.
I canceled it immediately by accident. Looks like I didn’t miss out on shit 🤣🤣🤣 Same! I had to quit out and go take care of some business. When I came back later that day, I couldn't trigger the transformation at the shrine and thought I missed something!
Same! I had to quit out and go take care of some business. When I came back later that day, I couldn't trigger the transformation at the shrine and thought I missed something!
Word! When I got transformed, I hit the wrong button lost the transformation and spent the next 30min trying to figure out how to transform again. Didn't know it was a 1 time thing.
Mofo could turn into all sorts of flying creatures and still couldn't save his ass from falling in the Pagoda
I feel like the scope of the game was massively changed (downscaled) during development. I wouldn't be surprised if most areas were free roam similar to act 6 before being linearized.
This transformation reminds of the reincarnation of his master (Tang Sanzang) which is Jin Chanzi - Golden Cicada.
Right?  All.it did was allow me to bypass 3 easy enemies then drop me off at a boss I had to run away from.  So pointless.
I did wonder why I could only use this once , I thought I was just to stoned to figure out how to use it again lol
Chapter 3 has your back in a different form☺️
Judging by how similar (and similarly limited) abilities show up in later chapters, I think this was a gameplay element that they just didn't manage to implement properly before they ran out of time and had to publish the game. There will be a chapter later in the game where you see a little more of how they might design a level that incorporates a travel-oriented spell like this one, and hopefully that chapter is a glimpse of what this team might do in their next game.
My game crashed just as I got turned into the cicada and when I reloaded the cut scene was gone and I thought I'd, for lack of a better term, completely bugged out the sequence of the level
Plot mechanic..that is all
Well people keep complaining about Wandering Wright, the Dev gave us a chance to avoid him :) me when I saw the option to turn back to Wukong, I did it immediately lol didnt even know that the spell will automatically depleted after time :))))
Yeah, should be a reusable transformation like the fox.
The game was supposed to have 13 chapters but we got 6. So my guess is that the game became smaller and there’s no place for it anymore but they didn’t want to get rid of it
This is a hint to the plot. Spoiler alert: There is a saying in China called 金蚕脱壳, the cicada escapes by leaving a shell. Which is Wukong's secret scheme, to escape from the Constriction Band by sacrificing his mortal flesh and bet on reincarnation to inherit his undying will and relics.
They put it in the trailer like 3 years before the game release, realized they couldn't come up with any meaningful gameplay with it, while still wanting to maintain elements from the trailer
I immediately De-transformed cuz I thought it was a reusable spell 🙃
This is really validating for me. When I was playing and got to this section I accidentally hit the cancel button as soon as it started. I then searched the entire Menu UI and the Shrine's UI and saw nothing about it. I thought I was either stupid or this was bad design. I'm thankful this thread was here to give me this closure.
imagine the amount of invisible air walls they would have to add to chapter 2 and 3 to prevent this literal flying bug to break the game and the level design.
My guess is they made it initially for some stealth options. But then the game was cut short (as we know), which meant the whole plot became a boss rush (I love it), and in this scenario, from a game dev perspective, no one would use the stealth focused transformations, so what's the point? Plotwise: I think BECAUSE you're not Sun Wukong himself until the very end with all 6 relics of him so you can't exactly transform into anything and everything like in the book, so the trickier forms need outside help from deities.
Just for chilling
Honestly I think it's just a call to journey to the west novel and the different things Wukong can turn into in the story they wanted to add it to the game as nod to the original tale I assume. I agree would be awesome to implement a semi stealth mechanic where you could do one surprise attack from that form that does big damage if not spotted before hand. Who knows maybe something they can add more to in the future DLC maybe? Anyways from what little I know of the novel I'd say it's more of a nod to the novel as well as the story than made for indepth gameplay mechanics. Just my 2 cents of course, I could be way off base is possible also.
I loved when I could turn into a fox and stealth around a little bit, was kinda disappointed that I couldn’t keep it
There are other moments like this to make it less weird.
I accidentally detransformed because I wanted to rest first, thinking I could transform again afterwards. Turned out I couldn't. Didn't even use it for more than 5 seconds 💀
Well, for Chinese audiences they have to keep it in the game. This is a signature ability of Wukong in the original story that helped they went through several difficulties. They also put it in the trailer long time ago and they have to keep it in the game.
I felt the same way about turning into a bird as the destined one. I know wukong could do it but like... i don't recall ever learning that ability.
I am chapter 4 against the Idk first girl lighting dragon boss, the game is starting to feel too Dark Souls like boss after boss after 1 hit and skills like these don’t even come back in Handy. It kind of driven me back to other games and playing  Wukong very causally 1 hour max.
This was one of the first things we saw in a trailer 4 years ago, and it was incredible. I’m guessing the studios either intended it as a one-off wow factor type thing, or ran of out good uses for it. I personally de-transform immediately after the first playthrough. Just doesn’t do anything. But I think they did the best thing they could, and simply added a few other scenes where he becomes the cicada.
Wait wtf I completely forgotten about this
A glimpse into the future I'd say.
It was an introduction to transform? But they don't let you keep it. That's weird
But they don't let you keep it. That's weird
Golden Cicada was the buddhas best pupil. When he said I will turn you into a golden cicada, he meant he would make him a good Buddhist. I think.
I got to this point of the game, immediately got bored,  and turned it off. Once I got the itch to play again the next day, I was no longer a bug. So confused, but kinda glad I just got to skip that.
Maybe it'll play a bigger role in the DLCs. It is well known that the devs unfortunately couldn't include all the content they wanted in the base game.
Did anyone else instantly drop out of this form and not get to experience it at all? So lame that it happened like that.
I believe these transformations are integral to the original story, and the team wanted to include them as an important aspect of Wookong’s abilities. At the same time, they didn’t want to disrupt the game mechanics, so they presented them as immersive experiences rather than core functions. Throughout the game, you’ll transform into various creatures, with each transformation offering a unique mini-experience.
I don't think any reason to have this. The area is full of enemies and chests, so why fly pass them? It's like: "Hey I made this bug, at least try it on once. Then you can comeback and play normally later". They could have made a road full of enemies that impossible to fight and you sneak through them, that makes more sense than this.
Yeah that bugged me a little
My cicada form cancelled bc I went backwards looking for secrets then I never got it again...
Felt the same way, I guess it's mean to skip the boss in the end of the corridor... the fox transformation on chapter 3 is much more useful and interesting
A little bit of backstory: In the original Journey to the West novel, Golden Cicada is what they called Wukong's master, and he's supposed to be the reincarnation of Buddha's second disciple. Golden Cicada was cast down to mortal realm from heaven because he forgot the way of the teaching of Buddhism, resulting him being disrespectful and malevolent. Buddha himself banished Golden Cicada to the mortal world as punishment, and Golden Cicada had to suffer 10 incarnations in a row before he can return back to heaven and regain his original power. In Chinese tradition, the cicada symbolizes rebirth and immortality. It's supposed to represent rebirth and shedding of your old way of being. The cicada is an auspicious symbol of new beginnings and transformation.
This definitely got nerfed. Just image you have this in every map. It's kind of boring anyways. Just give you a taste of Wukong's transformation as cicada is lure accurate transformation that being used many times in original JTTW. I recently saw speed runners use this to fly out of invisible walls to skip many bosses until Black Wind King.
From what I remember in the first trailer it was used to scout past the enemies then used to get back past the wight without being seen. I think we were originally going to have access to it as a spell but they changed their mind. Perhaps with the dlcs we might see it return but I think they will focus on other stuff
Lo I died in it and tired so hard to get it back, i was like wtf 😡
When I reached that part I had to quit the game when in bug form. When I loaded it again the next day I was already in monke form and couldn't experience being a bug :(
Same reason we start the game as a fruit: because why not!
Just the devs flexing another transformation 😂
I got impatient and de-transformed after like 15 seconds cause I wanted to fight stuff lol
I guess it is one of those shown in the trailer that they really didn’t want to fully scrapped. And probably teach the player that there are secrets to be found, you can safely look around the area while in this form cause the enemy won’t be able to argo you.
I thought this was going to be a way to shortcut run backs and get back to bosses quicker. But no. I spent ages trying to google how to use it again after that first time. Suspect I wasn’t the first.
I thought it was gonna be a skill you could only activate at shrines to eliminate bad run backs.
I know the love for this game so I hesitate to mention it's flaws in this sub, but it felt unfinished to me. I think the scope was FAR bigger than what was delivered and these 'transformations' likely wove the plot together at some point. I like the idea of 'secret' character interactions that you need to look deeper to find... but it's becoming a bit of a trope instead of properly linking characters and having them interact.
You will be transformed to this form again later.. 🤐
This part confused me a bit as soon as i turned into the bug i flew towards some enemies and turned back into monkey. It only lasted like 5 seconds.
And it's duration is super short as well, looks awesome though when doing it
Possibly a bug? :D
I see it as a "mood setter". Showcase early on that you never know what's gonna happen in this game.. That and as a reference/nod to the original lore.
Undercooked gimmick. games a 10/10 though /s
This another reason this game is not Game of the year award level yet.
I never got to experience it. My game crashed just as I saw it load on the screen, when I returned to the game that segment was gone.
Well the elder transforms you to a cicada so you can fly to the next section without being noticed. It's up to the player to make use of it. I think it's just a nice little touch.
We use it in chapter 5 again👀
It’s a bug, not a feature.
Was I the only one who expected this game to have a bit more variety to its gameplay. And maybe be a little more open. Some areas felt like they had a decent amount of space but others felt very cramped
Lore of the story
You use it again later in the game.  I think it was just to get a sense of the level.  Similar to turning in to the fox.
I'm kind of happy it's not a thing. I didn't want to feel like I had to scour every level from head to toe in beetle form to find potential secrets.
I messed that up after a couple seconds when I ran into the first group of wolf dudes. Pressed a button and canceled the whole thing
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-16T13:47:36.479000+0000 内容: They should let you keep it so you can scout levels.
I thought it was weird that we didn’t get an item to transform into the bug in certain maps, but we got an item that allowed us to turn back into the white fox in the snow map.
Cloud Step has the same code as the passive aggro transformations.  So my guess is they just swapped it down the line.
Don’t you go to the shrine to use them?
it's an asset they have when they release teaser back in 2020 or 2018. This is lore accurate skill Wukong has so it's kinda easter egg as well
I hope in the dlcs you can actually use transformations throughout each of the chapters
I genuinely thought I missed something, especially since there is an option later on to turn into another animal with an item that you can use again.
It looks cool
this is actually for you to pass through the area boss without any problem, because u turn back into a monkey the moment you enter the cave behind him. So you can farm XP and go back to fight him.
Well yes but maybe could as a small AOE to the surprise attack and it's a  transformation so uses might and cant be used on like main bosses
In Chapter 4 you can keep the fox transformation from the Fox spirit quest if you won't complete it
Likely just part of the story and nothing else
ahh yes now the honeymoon phase of the game is over ppl are starting to bitch about things that they dont understand
I know right. I feel the same way when the bird thing turned you into a bat to follow him to the lake. I don't understand why they didn't just use the bird you get with the first relic.
I guess they don't want the game boring like ubisoft game. Cuz once you have it, it's scout-locate all enemies-kill all routine.
I also wish you could use the fox transformation in any chapter
Its used 3 Times in the Game Not once
Same question to the fox spell
版主已移除评论
It's all just part of the journey.
I remember I got hit by a enemy when the game first came out and thought I lost the transformation or something lol
Just showing off a neat mechanic would be my guess.
Not sure about original story, but as a mechanic, early in the game this gives you a chance to map out the area and know what path leads to which. You can find the wight, the path to RedTides, and the enemies location. It's a simple way to not surprise the character early on, which is a stark comparison to say chapter 3's pagoda realm lol.
The golden cicada I think is a reference to tang Sanzang. The monk who freed sun wukong.
I think it is fucking cool and it comes up in the game a few times in different ways. I love the polish and storytelling.
You turn into a cicada again in chapters 5 and 6.
I didn’t even see this again until that first mission. But I’m only to chapter 3 so maybe it comes back?
skip the first boss and go for guangmou, this will make the first boss easier.
Just a selling point at the beginning of the game, just like all other games.
To stay true to the lore
Honestly, I loved this game, but this part is completely pointless.
Chapter 1 gave me a really bad impression of the game. Good thing it got better though.
When I got the fox brush, I was so disappointed that I couldn't use it outside of the New West...
Same thing with the fox. Second time I thought, oh a nice little run back mechanic for when I get stuck on a hard boss..
plot devices are pretty standard
You can keep the fox transformation and it does the same thing except on foot
I think it was just an intro to get you to the first boss really quick if you wanted to do that.
They should have made it like the bird one in chapter 3 I lowkey thought we could spy a Lil bit/ avoid fighting all the useless minions
Like someone else said. I think it was meant to be a skill but probably got removed. My bet would be it was for those situations with shrines far apart, so you wouldn't have to fight all the way back through what you fought through. But then at that point, what would be the point of fighting? You don’t need to fight your way back to any shrines. Just use the teleport.
You don’t need to fight your way back to any shrines. Just use the teleport.
I was so confused because they straight up said the cicada form is used to find secrets in the first level but you don't get to use it
Not sure if anyone else has done this. But I have the fox skin from the third chapter. I can use it to turn into the fox and a lot of the minions will leave you alone in that form. I never completed that side quest so idk if you retain the item if you do complete it.
There's actually a 2nd time you get to use this form. I just personally think it should be a shrine option, something you can activate for a limited time at every shrine
I was wondering this as well! This would have been super useful and I was unsure why it never came to be used.
They might have left it in there as an Easter egg 🤷. Because in the actual novel 'The Journey to the West' , Sun Wukong's master (the Monk) was a Golden Cicada in his previous life, then got reincarnated as a monk to fetch the Scriptures from India and help Wukong attain enlightenment. But it's only my guess.
I thought I was going crazy when I couldn’t figure out how to do this again🤣
I untransformed immediately thinking it was a spell we got
Yeah especially since the original gameplay trailer made it be an actual game mechanic. 🙃
Felt that same way about the Fox 🤦🏽‍♂️😂
It doesn’t seem like it’s your power exactly
Personally, I would have enjoyed this far more than the visually unappealing cloud near the end.
It's presentation and lowering our bar when it comes to suspension of disbelief. It was so pointless... But it was super fantastical as well. This game had a lot of spectacle that really adds to the whimsical yet gritty tone of the game.
