i am so mad. fuck this fat old fuck. ================================================================================  评论列表:
You got greedy and rushed it track me We’ve all been there 😭😭 I’ve been there on every console I’ve ever owned. That last tick of life is just too tempting sometimes. Yeah you were very greedy, but it’s alright lol. When you’re low on health gotta play it safe. I died in so many dumb ways. Almost had him though When me and my buddies first got into souls games we made like a sort of 10 commandment type rules to play by. 1 was “don’t be a hero” Everyone’s instinct it to go for the gusto and finish him off but just stick to what got you to that point and finish him with patience My kryptonite,  and im only on chapter 2, just gotta smack this damn tiger Slow everything down and breathe. Sometimes you gotta dodge back away to give yourself time to plan and reset. Yeah - Forreal.  If you are patient - it’s less of a fast twitch skill game - and just patiently recognizing patterns and exploiting them.  When I effed up - it was almost always because I got too greedy and was punished lol Came here for the greedy comment.
We’ve all been there 😭😭 I’ve been there on every console I’ve ever owned. That last tick of life is just too tempting sometimes. Yeah you were very greedy, but it’s alright lol. When you’re low on health gotta play it safe. I died in so many dumb ways. Almost had him though
We’ve all been there 😭😭 I’ve been there on every console I’ve ever owned. That last tick of life is just too tempting sometimes.
I’ve been there on every console I’ve ever owned. That last tick of life is just too tempting sometimes.
Yeah you were very greedy, but it’s alright lol. When you’re low on health gotta play it safe. I died in so many dumb ways. Almost had him though
When me and my buddies first got into souls games we made like a sort of 10 commandment type rules to play by. 1 was “don’t be a hero” Everyone’s instinct it to go for the gusto and finish him off but just stick to what got you to that point and finish him with patience
My kryptonite,  and im only on chapter 2, just gotta smack this damn tiger Slow everything down and breathe. Sometimes you gotta dodge back away to give yourself time to plan and reset.
Slow everything down and breathe. Sometimes you gotta dodge back away to give yourself time to plan and reset.
Yeah - Forreal.  If you are patient - it’s less of a fast twitch skill game - and just patiently recognizing patterns and exploiting them.  When I effed up - it was almost always because I got too greedy and was punished lol
Came here for the greedy comment.
You can jump on top of the rocks and avoid his ground strikes, just make sure he doesn't destroy it first i figured that out this last run that i beat him. extremely cathartic He destroys the rocks which makes it tough but yes that's definitely the way. It was so frustrating because that spamming of those waves makes it impossible to just dodge thru If you dodge left then right then left then right. No dodge forward or back. It’s easy. I can dodge them all. Gotta be fast with fingers Probably why I always died since I tried to roll thru them by going into them lol Pillar stance? Unless you fight this guy pretty late I'm sure you won't have enough stamina to pillar stance all of the waves. True true This is the best advice when fighting this boss. Jump on the rocks. lol, found that out pretty quickly. Just stood there and waited till he was finished.
i figured that out this last run that i beat him. extremely cathartic He destroys the rocks which makes it tough but yes that's definitely the way. It was so frustrating because that spamming of those waves makes it impossible to just dodge thru If you dodge left then right then left then right. No dodge forward or back. It’s easy. I can dodge them all. Gotta be fast with fingers Probably why I always died since I tried to roll thru them by going into them lol Pillar stance? Unless you fight this guy pretty late I'm sure you won't have enough stamina to pillar stance all of the waves. True true
He destroys the rocks which makes it tough but yes that's definitely the way. It was so frustrating because that spamming of those waves makes it impossible to just dodge thru If you dodge left then right then left then right. No dodge forward or back. It’s easy. I can dodge them all. Gotta be fast with fingers Probably why I always died since I tried to roll thru them by going into them lol Pillar stance? Unless you fight this guy pretty late I'm sure you won't have enough stamina to pillar stance all of the waves. True true
If you dodge left then right then left then right. No dodge forward or back. It’s easy. I can dodge them all. Gotta be fast with fingers Probably why I always died since I tried to roll thru them by going into them lol
Probably why I always died since I tried to roll thru them by going into them lol
Pillar stance? Unless you fight this guy pretty late I'm sure you won't have enough stamina to pillar stance all of the waves. True true
Unless you fight this guy pretty late I'm sure you won't have enough stamina to pillar stance all of the waves. True true
True true
This is the best advice when fighting this boss. Jump on the rocks.
lol, found that out pretty quickly. Just stood there and waited till he was finished.
AHHHHHH 😂😂 I was gonna tag the suicide watch thread but I didn’t wanna odee. My god that’s pain man. Pure pain
I was gonna tag the suicide watch thread but I didn’t wanna odee. My god that’s pain man. Pure pain
I was gonna tag the suicide watch thread but I didn’t wanna odee. My god that’s pain man. Pure pain
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Psychological-Love96 点赞: 24 时间: 2025-01-06T01:40:59.990000+0000 内容: 🤣 Aw, Man, you really ain't seen anything yet. This game will add a new perspective on life when you reach the fallen loong. Boy, oh boy...
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: DeadTequiller 点赞: 10 时间: 2025-01-06T00:45:38.526000+0000 内容: Yooo, didn't know it was possible to roll out his pounding. Never was able to succeed
avoid him destroying the rocks around the arena, stand on them so the low ground attacks don’t touch you only go when there is an opening, he has a rythm you can follow easily I died like 10 times to this guy. The run I figured I could stand on the rocks I beat him easily Pretty sure that his attacks during that section are specifically programmed to sync with the drums in the music too. So yeah, this is definitely a rhythm game.
I died like 10 times to this guy. The run I figured I could stand on the rocks I beat him easily
Pretty sure that his attacks during that section are specifically programmed to sync with the drums in the music too. So yeah, this is definitely a rhythm game.
Stand on the rocks and use pluck of many lol
You got greedy. That’s 100% on you. Just own it, brush yourself off and try again. You’ve definitely got this fight. Just stay calm
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Emergency-Okra9505 点赞: 6 时间: 2025-01-06T01:47:45.594000+0000 内容: Dodge, Dip, roll and Dodge
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: dr_stre 点赞: 3 时间: 2025-01-07T06:40:41.056000+0000 内容:
I hated this m'fer.. sent me into a rage a few times!
you're pretty good at dodging those lightening's LOL.  I don't think i could done that.  I ended up standing on the rocks to avoid the lightening.
Jump on a rock when he was using shock waves, and then attack from his back when he was using the continous ground pounding lightnings like in 0:22 When he was using it, he actually turns around really really slow, you can just keep attacking him from behind and he wouldn't be able to catch up to your speed when swinging the hammers
Someone was able to dodge, meanwhile the other 99.99% of the player base climbed onto the rocks next to him lol
We've all been there.....sorry bro that sucks.
Got greedy
there's a rock you can stand on
Stand on the stone. All those wave attacks will miss you.
Don't lock on him, just get behind him for easy damage output. He's unable to hit you most of the time. And don't use Wind Tamer too close to the rocks in the arena, where you can stand and watch the entire Taiko no Tatsujin show safe and sound.
Wow...watching this pissed me off. I had to turn it off.
Shoulda just charged up a pillar stance heavy, he couldn’t hit you and you would have won
After some clean ass dodges on the ground lightning attacks, followed up by a solid usage of the transformation for a good chunk of damage. I thought you would carry out that excellent patience game until the very end, but then you bit the bullet did what each and everyone of us did: allowed greed to consume you. This is why I love this game.
This was one of the funnest fights for me. I didn't jump on a rock, I treated that pattern like a rhythm game
too greedy, you are
I was this today on broken shell great sage and had to turn it off. Got cheesed just like that with my smash not connecting and his attack did
I recently beat him … annoying af
Jumping on rocks helps big time with this guy. Also his attack combos are pretty long, patience during that stage is imperative.
Why does no one ever jump. I dodge and jump in that order.
I saw your greed. It was your downfall. You can't out greed a pig.
Happens to the best of us lol
I love all the new players to the game getting the feels we got when it first came out🤣🤣
My most frustrating death to this guy, I did all the right things, saw the attack coming, got distance and went to jump onto a rock and... invisible wall
Lol I physically and mentally feel your pain. Just know that Yellow Loong is waiting for you, menacingly...
Boy yellow loong is laughing right now
I know you beat him already but anyone that hasn't, on top of getting on the rocks, using the stone spirit form to attack him during his rumbling also helps bc the rock form isn't affected by any of the 4 Bane's DOTs. What i did was get on a rock the first time if there were still rocks around and then used the stone spirit the second wave and got him
Can’t get too greedy . I did and met several untimely deaths.
Black Loong was quite easy once I understood his moves. For his lightning rings, follow this pattern so you don't accidentally get zapped: Jump -> Roll -> Jump. This will make it quite easy to counter them. And as for the big lightning ring blast just jump over it. Also, to start off with high damage, I would recommend a very simple method that I use whenever there is a difficult boss: Start off with Cloud Step, while the boss is busy fighting your image. Activate PLUCK OF MANY then hit the boss once so you can use that critical hit provided by the CLOUD STEP. Then you can simply use Immobilization and continuously attack the boss. Just as the spell fades off, use Wandering Wright to deal high damage and stun the boss. Moreover, as you are in Chapter 2 you can use the WIND TAMER you obtain after defeating Fuban in a secret location. The Wind Tamer will render bosses in a stun-like state for a moment. All this would allow you to damage the bosses a lot at the start without taking much damage.
I was waiting for a bullshit hitbox or unavoidable attack, or a bug or something! You decided to Finish your light combo instead of dodging his incoming attack while in critical HP and got hit lol
You got nervous and went in for the kill.
Dont rush. Time your attacks. At this point, you should be equipped enough to easily smoke him. i got him. i found out standing on the rocks helps. i come back and thats all everyone's saying. Yeah coz rushing and getting greedy is exactly what you did in the video. No offense, man. But yeah, it's a valuable tip. You'll find that it works in many similar games. The less the boss and your HP is, the more prone to it you get. Keeping your cool would ensure victory. It definitely helped me during the most difficult boss fight in this game.
i got him. i found out standing on the rocks helps. i come back and thats all everyone's saying. Yeah coz rushing and getting greedy is exactly what you did in the video. No offense, man. But yeah, it's a valuable tip. You'll find that it works in many similar games. The less the boss and your HP is, the more prone to it you get. Keeping your cool would ensure victory. It definitely helped me during the most difficult boss fight in this game.
Yeah coz rushing and getting greedy is exactly what you did in the video. No offense, man. But yeah, it's a valuable tip. You'll find that it works in many similar games. The less the boss and your HP is, the more prone to it you get. Keeping your cool would ensure victory. It definitely helped me during the most difficult boss fight in this game.
Beat him second try. I dont know how so many people didn’t think of jumping on the rocks. The rest of the fight is easy. Just keep your distance and pop in there for a few hit when theres an opening.
We've all been there! Stay strong and beat that ugly boss!
This guy was a jerk with that one move.
Jump on stone and wait it out
Damn
If only you had a focus point.
You need to get that stone form instead of the wolf also you need to boost potions, it took me 10 tries to beat him he was tough
Had this happen to me on multiple bosses getting excited and being impatient when I was getting close
Give it another go in an hour.
Cheese it. Lol
Greeeedy
Stand on the rock
We all been there. Cuts DEEP
Worst part is still on horizon.
For what deed, must from streams into sand thou flee? Resonant waves profound, pulsing through the ground. Evade their might unbound, and victory is surely found.
If you gonna get up and close like that and the health is that LOW… You have to have Wandering Wight for the for sure KILL‼️ Keep it up though, I’m in Chapter 3 and “Non-Able” is killing me 😤🤣
Yikes that's frustrating, use those rocks to hop onto during that ground attack & chill use your gourd if ya need & recompose yourself. Maybe farm on rock flat to get some mindcores to help yourself as well.
I just beat this last week. I used the azure transformation when this happens then stagger him completely.  After that just immobolize and stun when its up.
I just jumped on some rocks and avoided those electric blasts lmao
He was a major problem for me too. A tip: stay away from the rocks until he starts lightning pounding the ground, then rush and jump on the rock until he's done. If you are too close to the rocks when he attacks, the rock will get destroyed.
Oh yes, I remember that day.
One of my fav fights
I did the first 3 secret dragons, I like this one the most
Worst part is when you find out how easy he is lol
I feel the pain and that boss had me tweaking for a good bit at first then I locked in an observed and notice his movement and pattern and different trick to use on him. Them rocks definitely help try to keep em so you have something to stand on when his pounding the ground
Lol you Got too impatient and too fixated on finishing him off, I can tell when you looked at how low his hp was and was like “Cmon bro die die die die”.
Oh i felt that anguish. Mission failed, we'll get 'im next time
Stand on the rocks, they're there for a reason, you can physically see the rings not going over them
The overall mood of the world is balanced, so when you are mad, we are happy to see this lol. back to the point, how do you like this boss fight? I think it's epic
版主已移除评论
I disagree about being greedy. BMWK developers are reading this and laughing about how they’ve cheesed you.
Brutal. And ya, like the other guys said. Just stand on a rock when he’s doing that attack and you won’t have to worry about dodging them. You can tell he’s about to do the ground pound cuz his nose will light up blue just before the attack. That’s your sign to run for a rock. he breathes into his maces lol. but yea i got him finally
he breathes into his maces lol. but yea i got him finally
版主已移除评论 For the sake of his sanity.
For the sake of his sanity.
Unless you're at a high level, I recommend sticking to smash stance. Thrust stance requires the most investment (both skill points and the highest skill ceiling).
I know that feeling….
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Moribunned 点赞: 2 时间: 2025-01-06T06:17:04.069000+0000 内容: Saw that sliver left and started panic pressing. You did it to yourself. Something that helped me with the same kind of circumstances was to stop looking at the health bars during boss encounters. I'll keep an eye on mine just to stay on top of healing, but I don't look at the boss' health. This helps to focus on the enemy's attacks and tells. By the time you do glance at their health, it'll be mostly gone and you probably would barely have a scratch.
If there one thing about this game that I hate is all the BS that kills you
So I assume it didnt count. Which is rough as fuck nope. not at all.
nope. not at all.
You gotta jump on that rocks cuh , I did the same mistake it's easy as fuck
Wait till you fight the skeleton chicken guy in the hidden map in Chapter 4
Ooof, that was just bad luck. You basically had the attack patterns down pat. 👍
GREEEEEED
Beat this boss first try. You can stand on a high rock to avoid that entire drum bit. Other than that attack, everything else is pretty straight forward
Yeah you rushed it too much, just by a little
I didn't realise you could dodge at first so I just did a combination of jump then roll. I only beat him once I finally just went on the rock.
Hahahahaha I’d be raging. The strangest thing for me is how people dominate bosses that others struggle on and vice versa. This boss I beat first time. He’s so fucking slow I don’t know how people struggled to dodge his attacks. But then I’m seeing people wreck bosses I had to fight about 100 times to beat. Crazy game
Get on the rocks and also STAY AWAY FROM THE ROCKS don't let him destroy it that attack of his is annoying some are even off rythym and i got hit after that i just panic roll and pray
You got this dude👍
I did him dirty in my 3rd attempt! Just stand on the rock when he does the wave! Make sure he doesn’t destroy it while fighting! Have the fight concentrated in one end! Finally, don’t get greedy!
If you want to beat the final boss of the game, this is a valuable lesson. Also been there way to much often.
I wouldn’t be able to sleep until I beat him after that
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Timobify 点赞: 2 时间: 2025-01-06T11:05:47.842000+0000 内容: I felt your pain 😭
the beauty of Black Myth : Dodge
He was annoying asf NGL,  lmao. He almost made me turn it off to, but I beat him on that last “I’m done with this” round i went back to it an hour later and died the first try and just went "nuh uh, not today"
i went back to it an hour later and died the first try and just went "nuh uh, not today"
I killed that chapter 2 mouse in one go but this mf took me at least 30-35 attempts and ofcourse different days
You played really well. I didn't even know you could dodge those rings. I just jumped on the rock and waited for the last boom then went in. thank you! i had the hyperfocus but got too greedy.
thank you! i had the hyperfocus but got too greedy.
Ahh memories, yes this was a great fight :)
You can stand on the rocks to skip thos attack
ngl you were doing pretty good
When he does this, find a rock nearby and stand on it until he finishes
Ez advice. Theres a rock formation close to wherr u run in.  Keep.its locale in mind but fight boss away a bit so he doesnt break it. Once hes about to do those quakes jump up on the rock n chill. Ezpz
Daaaaaaang! I've felt that alot in this game,I'm so sorry
Ah yes many a time has this happened in many a game, classic 👌
My greed got the best of me on this fight as well 😂 we have all been there. I see you did end up beating him by using the rocks but your dodges looked spot on i was so bent when i found out i could stand on the rocks lol. it took a lot of trial and error to get the dodges down. i had to time it to the drum beat
i was so bent when i found out i could stand on the rocks lol. it took a lot of trial and error to get the dodges down. i had to time it to the drum beat
I’m just about to go into act 4 and this boss gave me the most trouble so far. I was the same after a ling play session doing everything in act 2 and needling the item from this boss for crafting an item and think this boss that gives the wind tamer? I might be wrong, but same happened to me got if down to a slither of health and after hrs of playing I nearly threw the controller against the wall! You must have a few points into stamina and the doddging sparks if you were able to dodge all them eletric rings they drove me up the bloody wall! If the boss smashed both rocks I was done for that round of the fight as I couldn’t dodge them bloody rings 😡 if you were hit by one you ended up getting stun locked. After thinking I don’t think you get the wind tamer from this boss? As I now remember using it too close to the rocks you can stand on and the wind tamer smashes them to bits. Ye mate I feel you I beat long and that vice voice boss faster than this one
This was one of the bosses where I just spent lots of deaths to just stand still and observe his moves and just learn to time the roll button. Ones that was locked in I beat him rather easily in a beautiful dance of almost no hit. But it took very long time to get there :)
He was a cunt for sure he definitely took a pounding.
he definitely took a pounding.
OUch..i feel your pain.
Quite good with the jumping
Yeah that’s a tough lost
you almost gave me a stroke dude
Damn 😂😂😂
lol you just got greedy
Oh you gon have more reasons to shut it off if that boss made you lol
We've all been there 😂😂
True pain
Glad you were able to beat him!
Yeah that guy was one of the first small roadblocks for me. I hated him.
It’s almost impossible to keep him from destroying the rocks for the entire fight. When he does his little drum circle sesh, do a mix of dashes and jumps. Dashing too much will fuck you up, I did dash dash jump and that helped tremendously with the thunder circle bullshit. Other than that patience is key. He was a fucking pain in my clit to fight ngl lol that move pissed me off so bad 😂
Same brother
Against all recommendations...I took him on ASAP. Got my shit pushed in for hours before I finally got him. It's between Mad Tiger and Black Loong in Chapters 1 and 2 for me, that gave me the most trouble. Yellow Rat Gaui gave me hours of hell, until I found the wind tamer 😂 then I walked the dog on him first shot. mad tiger took me one try, tiger vanguard fucked me up.
mad tiger took me one try, tiger vanguard fucked me up.
All of us and I mean everyone that played this game has had this happen to them with one boss 😂 but damn it it’s funny to watch it happen to someone other than me 😂
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Broad_Juggernaut683 点赞: 2 时间: 2025-01-06T16:17:52.616000+0000 内容: "Its hard to be like him." -Black wind King
Hwy robbery my man
That really sucks man. Familiar with this pain bc of Fromsoft games. Also, I had a death like that at Erlang. It was horrible bc that fight is so damn long. Won't spoil anything but pretty hard fight, at least for me. The greed is real sometimes lol
You did very well with that low HP.  Usually I do worse when I am in danger. Btw, there is a cheese to this boss.  Just find a rock to stand on while he does his lightning wave.  You can chill the whole time while slowing charging up your heavy attack.  Be wary when to charge up, because you don't want to release it too soon. i couldn't get hit lol. so i tried everything to not get hit. the hyperfocus was real
i couldn't get hit lol. so i tried everything to not get hit. the hyperfocus was real
oof man sorry
Unironically I spent 4 hours on this bub
Same thing. But with erlang.
damn, dont let the health throw u off
Haha yeahh been there mate. Jump on the rocks when he does that wave attack.
He humbled you quickly lol
STAND ON THE ROCKS!!!!
I was there quite a few times, in the end I used the stones to climb up and thus withstand the blows from the ground
🤣🤣🤣🤣 that was brutal sorry for laughing
It always seems to me on any boss battle that last millimeter of health is actually a little more than it appears.
OMG!!!  i would have been infuriated 😂😂
That was close though
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: dalstars32 点赞: 2 时间: 2025-01-07T12:00:47.105000+0000 内容: I hated that boss so much
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Getting-ExciteD 点赞: 2 时间: 2025-01-07T18:09:27.095000+0000 内容: Fun fact,i couldnt dodge this drumming attack of his cause i was dodging forward so that single move was the reason i lost like 5 times that fight.most embarassing boss for me
this is a frustrating boss, As many pointed out we can use the rocks and then also use the Azure Dust transformation as it can take all the damage you can stand behind him and just attack him during that time he is drumming.
Brutal
This guy was hard for me. Took 2 hours of dying
hot take, he’s harder than cyan
There's a rock you can climb onto when he's making those electric waves. You won't need to dodge them all and will conserve your health. Just remove the aiming (R3 on PS5) and run towards the rock when he starts getting pumped up. Really helped when I figured that out!
Yeah fuck that dude I came back when I was much stronger
Currently stuck on this guy. That ground slam is BS.
版主已移除评论
Another case of “got greedy”
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Remarkable-Coast-693 点赞: 1 时间: 2025-01-06T02:37:23.151000+0000 内容: Thats nothing, wait for erlang, so annoying you want to punch your monitor
Stand on the rock
