1, DLC is officially under development. ================================================================================  评论列表:
And the first look of Shituo Realm, A whole country that covers 800 miles of ground,with a pure population of Yaoguai, ruled by Buddha's uncle. Note that Shituo Realm was planned for Main Game in early design, but was forsoken halfway due to Insufficient fund, the already made Yaoguais were reused into Chapter 5 track me Two clarifications： 1，Length is not mentioned, the word is more like“quality”, so they mean the same quality as main game. 2, There will be“ Revolutionary game system update”, whether it is combat related is not mentioned A 4th stance maybe? Or a stance for fighting on the cloud perhaps? I'm really curious to see what they can add gameplay wise in this game. Parry system maybe? Which would be cool yet not so revolutionary But don't we already have a parry system in the form of see through attacks? maybe more potions and maybe a 5 point focus 👀 版主已移除评论 Hopefully that means no invisible barriers (just replace them with falling to your death--simple) and maps included at launch.  Those were the main issues, obviously, so they can't possibly be foolish enough to ever release anything in that way again. Furthermore, I would say they need to keep the difficulty more balanced than in the main game, instead of having high highs (e.g., Scorpionlord) and low lows (most mobs). All of these were basically just dumb decisions they made thinking it was the right thing to do, but easily rectified for future content and titles Okay, well Lion Camel Ridge is the one that was guaranteed, 100%.  Especially since it was already supposed to be in the base game.  I don't like that they're romanizing it as "Shituo," but I guess that's to be expected given it's how it's referred to in the Portraits.  However, I would rather they change "Shituo" in the Journal entries to Lion Camel. But no word on what else will be in the expansion?? I feel like it's gotta include Women's Country, White Tiger Ridge, and an underwater chapter.  I can't rationalize the DLC excluding those for something else that would be lesser Ya, Women's country is also another cut chapter, we can see the whole chapter 4 secret area is making preparation to travel to women's country ,(Scorpion lord and Duskveil are both Women's country figure.)then it is simply never mentioned again.We also got a leak from 2021, it tells us not to expect anything with sexual attraction in Women's country in BMW,  Because all of its population have been turned into Yaoguai. But that's all,  Not having even a picture. As for Long Palace or other underwater chapter,  It brings certain challenges in production but I am looking forward to. But for White tiger Ridge,emmm it may be the most controversial idea inside China. Because 1566 edition of journey to the west  didn't mention a romance relationship between wukong and lady white bone, this is only a new idea appeared in the last two decades. So a great mount of folk is already ultly enraged by the sentence "On white tiger ridge he forsook his love". If GS make more content to confirm that relationship? It will be shit show from my point of view.  I won't do it if I am them, but who can tell?maybe they are brave
Two clarifications： 1，Length is not mentioned, the word is more like“quality”, so they mean the same quality as main game. 2, There will be“ Revolutionary game system update”, whether it is combat related is not mentioned A 4th stance maybe? Or a stance for fighting on the cloud perhaps? I'm really curious to see what they can add gameplay wise in this game. Parry system maybe? Which would be cool yet not so revolutionary But don't we already have a parry system in the form of see through attacks? maybe more potions and maybe a 5 point focus 👀
A 4th stance maybe? Or a stance for fighting on the cloud perhaps? I'm really curious to see what they can add gameplay wise in this game. Parry system maybe? Which would be cool yet not so revolutionary But don't we already have a parry system in the form of see through attacks?
Parry system maybe? Which would be cool yet not so revolutionary But don't we already have a parry system in the form of see through attacks?
But don't we already have a parry system in the form of see through attacks?
maybe more potions and maybe a 5 point focus 👀
版主已移除评论 Hopefully that means no invisible barriers (just replace them with falling to your death--simple) and maps included at launch.  Those were the main issues, obviously, so they can't possibly be foolish enough to ever release anything in that way again. Furthermore, I would say they need to keep the difficulty more balanced than in the main game, instead of having high highs (e.g., Scorpionlord) and low lows (most mobs). All of these were basically just dumb decisions they made thinking it was the right thing to do, but easily rectified for future content and titles
Hopefully that means no invisible barriers (just replace them with falling to your death--simple) and maps included at launch.  Those were the main issues, obviously, so they can't possibly be foolish enough to ever release anything in that way again. Furthermore, I would say they need to keep the difficulty more balanced than in the main game, instead of having high highs (e.g., Scorpionlord) and low lows (most mobs). All of these were basically just dumb decisions they made thinking it was the right thing to do, but easily rectified for future content and titles
Okay, well Lion Camel Ridge is the one that was guaranteed, 100%.  Especially since it was already supposed to be in the base game.  I don't like that they're romanizing it as "Shituo," but I guess that's to be expected given it's how it's referred to in the Portraits.  However, I would rather they change "Shituo" in the Journal entries to Lion Camel. But no word on what else will be in the expansion?? I feel like it's gotta include Women's Country, White Tiger Ridge, and an underwater chapter.  I can't rationalize the DLC excluding those for something else that would be lesser Ya, Women's country is also another cut chapter, we can see the whole chapter 4 secret area is making preparation to travel to women's country ,(Scorpion lord and Duskveil are both Women's country figure.)then it is simply never mentioned again.We also got a leak from 2021, it tells us not to expect anything with sexual attraction in Women's country in BMW,  Because all of its population have been turned into Yaoguai. But that's all,  Not having even a picture. As for Long Palace or other underwater chapter,  It brings certain challenges in production but I am looking forward to. But for White tiger Ridge,emmm it may be the most controversial idea inside China. Because 1566 edition of journey to the west  didn't mention a romance relationship between wukong and lady white bone, this is only a new idea appeared in the last two decades. So a great mount of folk is already ultly enraged by the sentence "On white tiger ridge he forsook his love". If GS make more content to confirm that relationship? It will be shit show from my point of view.  I won't do it if I am them, but who can tell?maybe they are brave
Ya, Women's country is also another cut chapter, we can see the whole chapter 4 secret area is making preparation to travel to women's country ,(Scorpion lord and Duskveil are both Women's country figure.)then it is simply never mentioned again.We also got a leak from 2021, it tells us not to expect anything with sexual attraction in Women's country in BMW,  Because all of its population have been turned into Yaoguai. But that's all,  Not having even a picture. As for Long Palace or other underwater chapter,  It brings certain challenges in production but I am looking forward to. But for White tiger Ridge,emmm it may be the most controversial idea inside China. Because 1566 edition of journey to the west  didn't mention a romance relationship between wukong and lady white bone, this is only a new idea appeared in the last two decades. So a great mount of folk is already ultly enraged by the sentence "On white tiger ridge he forsook his love". If GS make more content to confirm that relationship? It will be shit show from my point of view.  I won't do it if I am them, but who can tell?maybe they are brave
Whoa that looks sick thank you so much bro, i don't know who you are but you quench a little bit of my thirst for new content on this game.
Whoa that looks sick
thank you so much bro, i don't know who you are but you quench a little bit of my thirst for new content on this game.
"Not coming anytime soon" :'( But also, take your time, we know you can achieve perfection
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Hyperversal_Shitface 点赞: 56 时间: 2025-04-11T02:43:08.734000+0000 内容: This post needs to be pinned Done! Chad
Done! Chad
Chad
Matching the length of the main game would be kinda crazy. I'm stoked. And a new combat system. Obviously not a lot of details yet, but that sounds like it might be enough to be considered a whole new game and not just DLC. Crazy
And a new combat system. Obviously not a lot of details yet, but that sounds like it might be enough to be considered a whole new game and not just DLC. Crazy
Note that one of the most controversial topics of BMW inside China is Erlang's Cosmo Resonance,for it looks nothing like the traditional design, but very similar to one of the ruling Yaoguai Princes of Shituo Realm, many suspect that this is reused a model. Green Hippo’s Sexy Time. LMAO It's more of a very oversized lion
Green Hippo’s Sexy Time. LMAO It's more of a very oversized lion
It's more of a very oversized lion
Incredible. A whole DLC that I'll never get to because I'll still be stuck at the wind rat. Lol Look for a drunken Boar NPC near the Rockrest Flat Shrine and do his quest line. He will guide you to the Secret Area. The reward for completing the Secret Area will help you against Yellow Wind Sage. Additionally, open the passage in the Blood Pool and rest at the shrine. To the right of said shrine is Xu Dog, who will help you get stronger in exchange for Mind Cores. Collect the Buddha Eyeballs from the Buddha Heads within the area around Squall Hideout Shrine and Rockrest Flat Shrine and interact with the spherical mound within the Stone Vanguard Arena. The reward is a stronger staff you can craft. In a small canyon just ahead of the Squall Hideout Shrine is an NPC named 'Man in Stone' with a quest to defeat 'Mother of Stone' within the cave near the Rockrest Flat Shrine. Beat her and interact with the NPC again before resting at the nearest shrine. You get the Azure Dust Transformation and he becomes a vendor who sells a Sobering Stone, a curio, an overpriced Golden Statue, and a soak which makes each swig of your Gourd uninterruptible. Finally, head to the arena in the Cavern where you fought the First Prince of Flowing Sand (The Giant Rat) and look for a wall with a pattern of statues. Move to the center of this wall and use either the Wandering Wight Spirit, Azure Dust Transformation heavy, or a 3+ focus heavy attack. This will open a secret room with a chest. The item inside will open a secret encounter in Chapters 1, 2, 3, and 4. In Chapter 1, it's near the Outside the Forest Shrine. A waterfall nearby where you fought Guanzhi and Wandering Wight. In Chapter 2, it's to the right of the Rockrest Flat Shrine behind a 'sand'-fall. You'll know you're close when you hear a voice say, "For What Deed, Must His Head Be Held For All To See?" That should help you out. Did you do the secret fight Did you get to the secret area? I was stuck on wind rat for way longer than reasonable. Then I got Wind Tamer and it took maybe 5 tries. get the wind tamer
Look for a drunken Boar NPC near the Rockrest Flat Shrine and do his quest line. He will guide you to the Secret Area. The reward for completing the Secret Area will help you against Yellow Wind Sage. Additionally, open the passage in the Blood Pool and rest at the shrine. To the right of said shrine is Xu Dog, who will help you get stronger in exchange for Mind Cores. Collect the Buddha Eyeballs from the Buddha Heads within the area around Squall Hideout Shrine and Rockrest Flat Shrine and interact with the spherical mound within the Stone Vanguard Arena. The reward is a stronger staff you can craft. In a small canyon just ahead of the Squall Hideout Shrine is an NPC named 'Man in Stone' with a quest to defeat 'Mother of Stone' within the cave near the Rockrest Flat Shrine. Beat her and interact with the NPC again before resting at the nearest shrine. You get the Azure Dust Transformation and he becomes a vendor who sells a Sobering Stone, a curio, an overpriced Golden Statue, and a soak which makes each swig of your Gourd uninterruptible. Finally, head to the arena in the Cavern where you fought the First Prince of Flowing Sand (The Giant Rat) and look for a wall with a pattern of statues. Move to the center of this wall and use either the Wandering Wight Spirit, Azure Dust Transformation heavy, or a 3+ focus heavy attack. This will open a secret room with a chest. The item inside will open a secret encounter in Chapters 1, 2, 3, and 4. In Chapter 1, it's near the Outside the Forest Shrine. A waterfall nearby where you fought Guanzhi and Wandering Wight. In Chapter 2, it's to the right of the Rockrest Flat Shrine behind a 'sand'-fall. You'll know you're close when you hear a voice say, "For What Deed, Must His Head Be Held For All To See?" That should help you out.
Did you do the secret fight
Did you get to the secret area?
I was stuck on wind rat for way longer than reasonable. Then I got Wind Tamer and it took maybe 5 tries.
get the wind tamer
Finally, some news about the DLC! I figured they would say to not expect it anytime soon. That's fine! Take your time and finish your vision. It sounds pretty ambitious! Thanks for sharing OP!
lol been telling ppl how there is no way the DLC is coming this year Haha yeah, they were so confident too
Haha yeah, they were so confident too
Awesome! Thanks for sharing! I'll say release is probably closer to the end of 2027 or even 2028 😢 That would make it a sequel, not a DLC expansion.  SotE came out over two years after ER, and that was pushing it.  For it to remain "DLC," it needs to be released within a reasonable time after the base game, it can't be too large compared to the base game, and the pricing needs to be modest compared to a full retail game.  If it isn't within these three parameters, then it's no longer "DLC"
That would make it a sequel, not a DLC expansion.  SotE came out over two years after ER, and that was pushing it.  For it to remain "DLC," it needs to be released within a reasonable time after the base game, it can't be too large compared to the base game, and the pricing needs to be modest compared to a full retail game.  If it isn't within these three parameters, then it's no longer "DLC"
Let's gooooooooo! I like to see Sandy, Whitey, Nezha, 9 heads, Golden-Wing, Gold & Silver horny brothers. Jade emperor. Ne Zha would be sick. I just watched Ne Zha 2 and im hyped!
Ne Zha would be sick. I just watched Ne Zha 2 and im hyped!
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: lIamN9 点赞: 6 时间: 2025-04-11T13:20:47.797000+0000 内容: Good news: we will have BM:W DLC Bad news: we may have GTA6 before BM:W DLC
I CANNOT FUCKING WAIT
Extremely excited for this. Definitely an instabuy for me
"not coming anytime soon" breaks my heart, I've been looking forward to the DLC forever :( Games been out half a year
Games been out half a year
I need to finish this game but that fucking bug inside the pig is so dam fast lol
I’m currently on NG++ so would I need to finish that playthrough to get to the end to play the dlc or do you think it would be accessible without reaching the end again Sometimes expansions can be accessed separately from the main game, like in the menu for example while other times you’ll need to hit specific requirements to activate the expansion in the main game. We’ll just have to wait and see 🤷‍♂️ Oh ok that’s cool, man I’m excited I love this game can’t wait for more Me too man
Sometimes expansions can be accessed separately from the main game, like in the menu for example while other times you’ll need to hit specific requirements to activate the expansion in the main game. We’ll just have to wait and see 🤷‍♂️ Oh ok that’s cool, man I’m excited I love this game can’t wait for more Me too man
Oh ok that’s cool, man I’m excited I love this game can’t wait for more Me too man
Me too man
Question 1: do you have a link to the art exhibition online? Question 2: does anyone know if online games (I.e. digital copies) are affected by tariffs?
MATCH THE LENGTH OF THE MAIN GAME!? This dev team cares more about its player base than any other I’ve seen in my life
Game turns from Souls-like to a God of War game. Wukong was never souls like rlly God of War type games are the best and you can never miss with them. More Companies should focus on this genre.
Wukong was never souls like rlly
God of War type games are the best and you can never miss with them. More Companies should focus on this genre.
So I guess this will just be BMW 2, too many changes to consider it a DLC No, it’s DLC. An expansion. Expansions have commonly added several changes, large ones too, it’s part of what makes an expansion, an expansion. The scope and ambition. They’ve already stated we won’t get a BMW 2, but instead different Black Myth games focused on other characters in the mythology.
No, it’s DLC. An expansion. Expansions have commonly added several changes, large ones too, it’s part of what makes an expansion, an expansion. The scope and ambition. They’ve already stated we won’t get a BMW 2, but instead different Black Myth games focused on other characters in the mythology.
Thanks for sharing 🙏
I'm so excited lmao
Can’t fucking wait for this!
Let em coook!
Damn, hoping that "not anytime soon" just means not this year. Can't wait. Not this month❤️‍🩹 so true, not this month but still this year like what they've teased us in their chinese new year video.
Not this month❤️‍🩹 so true, not this month but still this year like what they've teased us in their chinese new year video.
so true, not this month but still this year like what they've teased us in their chinese new year video.
source?
By the time it's released Chinese games will be banned in the US Unfortunately, it is likely to happen. Grey import is the way. However, that might mean that you will have to buy the main game again, also lose your progress in the game. That sucks!
Unfortunately, it is likely to happen. Grey import is the way. However, that might mean that you will have to buy the main game again, also lose your progress in the game. That sucks!
this is actually shaking my world rn DLC that's as big as the main game is fuckin crazy YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO also new combat system!?!?!? is ranton finally getting the combo pack LMAO
If it's a Shadow of the ErdTree ~ esque in size and content... I think it will be a paid DLC and I am willing to pay for the standard they are setting !
This is extremely disappointing, I thought it was already officially in development months ago with it fully expected to come out this year Edit: just in case, I don't mean extremely disappointing as in "this is BS and we should get it immediately" thing, I just mean the basic, this is extremely disappointing because I was excited for dlc to come out sooner. This just means I can focus on other games for a while, instead of spending a lot of time this year on it. Focus this year would have been Wukong and new games, but instead I can focus on new games and some of the older games I still need to finish like GTA VI copium, i'm coping with the fact that they teased something in their Chinese new year video "25820" 😉
like GTA VI copium, i'm coping with the fact that they teased something in their Chinese new year video "25820" 😉
Holy shit. I’m at the final gauntlet and I’m all out of pills.  I’m on NG +7 and it’s so hard. I just gotta beat this final gauntlet. I’m at 380 hours. Lets gooooo
Problem is,   Games that have dlc come out a long time after release.   I’ve moved on by then and have little interest in going back
I really wanted to love this game so bad.
RPG
RPG
How much will it cost after tariff? laughs in non-American
laughs in non-American
I beat the game for less than a week. 1 chapter per day. The only complain i have is that i didnt get the 6th relic bc i dont want to go new game plus... and why they take away my wukong stance... the most funn thing. Amazimg game and its worth every $ but i wont get the dlc if they dont change those things.
thanks for the info. looking forward to this coming out. hopefully next year or after. will keep an eye out for any news. maybe in winter we will get more info. who knows.
Wow this is so cool! Not anytime soon will likely mean late next year or 2 years is my guess. That’s fine, glad they are providing some expansion to it
Any news regarding Xbox version?
I wish they could also improve on the last 2 acts that feel rushed. Act 3 and Yellow Brow set such a high bar that the later acts seem empty in comparison They had a budget issue back then cuz they were an indie company and to be honest a lot ppl were not even sure if this game would eventually release. Now im pretty confident that money isn’t a problem no more.
They had a budget issue back then cuz they were an indie company and to be honest a lot ppl were not even sure if this game would eventually release. Now im pretty confident that money isn’t a problem no more.
👍
WE NEED A DRINK🔥😍
OMG thank you so much for this post🙏🙏
"4. Not coming anytime soon". i'm gonna take it as not coming this month but still coming this year, like what they teased in their Chinese new year video.
Oh... my... god that is so exciting. As long as they're going for it, I think they should take their time :D
Damn, that means even longer for the 2nd game
Sounds like CDPR level dlc. Really excited
When is it coming on xbox
So is it going to be a soft remake that will apply to the story ? Or are these mechanics limited to just the dlc ?
This game should have won GOTY. Playing through for the first time right now and fuck is this shit a masterpiece. Feels extremely thoughtful and intentional the way they made it and interwove Journey to the West, and the gameplay itself is near perfect.  Up there amongst any of the top Souls/Soulslike
So basically bmw 2 but in dlc format instead of a seperate game?
This game is amazing and has raised the bar
Please give us a bit better performance on PS5 + Pro. 🙏😭
I’m hoping it’s a new game instead of a DLC!!
Theme is still “break the destiny”,but TDO will meet choices that are much more cruel and harsh. …more cruel? 4th sister wasn’t cruel enough? Rip hopes of saving her.
Oh damn, the only thing missing is the Spanish latam dubbing.
Ojalá sea algo similar a Warcraft Reign Of Chaos y Warcraft The Frozen Throne.
we're coping so hard bruh 🥀
