================================================================================  评论列表:
Ayo genshin , your honkai is showing track me DON'T LET THEM FIGURE OUT OUR ENDGAME WILL BE HONKAI WITH A DIFFERENT NAME As long as theres a song that slaps as hard as Rubia i aint complaining :) Or Nightglow, or moonhalo, or honkai world diva, or double cherry blossom, or domineer, or regression, or starfall, or dual-ego, or oaths, or cyberangel, or sennen no hane, or lying. Our One and Only Queen would like to have a word with you. fingers snap Fuck, BEFALLLLLLLLLLLL Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this. Kongming pouts angrily Oaths or oracle are peak for me They basically same level as rex incognito and yunjin cutscene for me Iras 17514 is fucking dope as well. We end up defeating Celestia but accidentally release the Honkai onto Teyvat. Klee becomes Herrscher of Explosions Does that mean we'll get to beat Otto again? Well, sign me up. Bonus completion points for not skipping and fully comprehending the overarching lore. Hopefully that pierro is the actual otto look alike in genshin so we can beat him up Personally I think Gold will be genderbent Otto
DON'T LET THEM FIGURE OUT OUR ENDGAME WILL BE HONKAI WITH A DIFFERENT NAME As long as theres a song that slaps as hard as Rubia i aint complaining :) Or Nightglow, or moonhalo, or honkai world diva, or double cherry blossom, or domineer, or regression, or starfall, or dual-ego, or oaths, or cyberangel, or sennen no hane, or lying. Our One and Only Queen would like to have a word with you. fingers snap Fuck, BEFALLLLLLLLLLLL Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this. Kongming pouts angrily Oaths or oracle are peak for me They basically same level as rex incognito and yunjin cutscene for me Iras 17514 is fucking dope as well. We end up defeating Celestia but accidentally release the Honkai onto Teyvat. Klee becomes Herrscher of Explosions Does that mean we'll get to beat Otto again? Well, sign me up. Bonus completion points for not skipping and fully comprehending the overarching lore. Hopefully that pierro is the actual otto look alike in genshin so we can beat him up Personally I think Gold will be genderbent Otto
As long as theres a song that slaps as hard as Rubia i aint complaining :) Or Nightglow, or moonhalo, or honkai world diva, or double cherry blossom, or domineer, or regression, or starfall, or dual-ego, or oaths, or cyberangel, or sennen no hane, or lying. Our One and Only Queen would like to have a word with you. fingers snap Fuck, BEFALLLLLLLLLLLL Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this. Kongming pouts angrily Oaths or oracle are peak for me They basically same level as rex incognito and yunjin cutscene for me Iras 17514 is fucking dope as well.
Or Nightglow, or moonhalo, or honkai world diva, or double cherry blossom, or domineer, or regression, or starfall, or dual-ego, or oaths, or cyberangel, or sennen no hane, or lying. Our One and Only Queen would like to have a word with you. fingers snap Fuck, BEFALLLLLLLLLLLL Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this. Kongming pouts angrily Oaths or oracle are peak for me They basically same level as rex incognito and yunjin cutscene for me Iras 17514 is fucking dope as well.
Our One and Only Queen would like to have a word with you. fingers snap Fuck, BEFALLLLLLLLLLLL Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this.
Fuck, BEFALLLLLLLLLLLL Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this.
Okay, we'll pretend no one saw this.
Kongming pouts angrily
Oaths or oracle are peak for me They basically same level as rex incognito and yunjin cutscene for me
Iras 17514 is fucking dope as well.
We end up defeating Celestia but accidentally release the Honkai onto Teyvat. Klee becomes Herrscher of Explosions
Does that mean we'll get to beat Otto again? Well, sign me up. Bonus completion points for not skipping and fully comprehending the overarching lore. Hopefully that pierro is the actual otto look alike in genshin so we can beat him up Personally I think Gold will be genderbent Otto
Hopefully that pierro is the actual otto look alike in genshin so we can beat him up Personally I think Gold will be genderbent Otto
Personally I think Gold will be genderbent Otto
I would say inspired yet pretty different The biggus handus tho. Za Handdo Okuyasu? That you? Looks like she only exercised one hand sussy biggus boobus tho What's more is they're both motivated I AM THE STORM THAT IS APPROACHING YOU FOOLS I AM THE STORM
The biggus handus tho. Za Handdo Okuyasu? That you? Looks like she only exercised one hand sussy biggus boobus tho
Za Handdo Okuyasu? That you?
Okuyasu? That you?
Looks like she only exercised one hand sussy
sussy
biggus boobus tho
What's more is they're both motivated I AM THE STORM THAT IS APPROACHING YOU FOOLS I AM THE STORM
I AM THE STORM THAT IS APPROACHING YOU FOOLS I AM THE STORM
YOU FOOLS I AM THE STORM
With a touch of houkai gakuen I actually think genshin is more closer to ggz than hi3 is Lol wdym? Ggz has nothing relate to genshin In terms of character design
I actually think genshin is more closer to ggz than hi3 is Lol wdym? Ggz has nothing relate to genshin In terms of character design
Lol wdym? Ggz has nothing relate to genshin In terms of character design
In terms of character design
It's all coming together, now to wait for Bronya and Seele equivalent. Yeah in 4 years !Remindme 4 years. I will be messaging you in 4 years on 2026-02-04 19:59:12 UTC to remind you of this link 10 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam. Parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others. Info Custom Your Reminders Feedback
Yeah in 4 years !Remindme 4 years. I will be messaging you in 4 years on 2026-02-04 19:59:12 UTC to remind you of this link 10 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam. Parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others. Info Custom Your Reminders Feedback
!Remindme 4 years. I will be messaging you in 4 years on 2026-02-04 19:59:12 UTC to remind you of this link 10 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam. Parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others. Info Custom Your Reminders Feedback
I will be messaging you in 4 years on 2026-02-04 19:59:12 UTC to remind you of this link 10 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam. Parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others. Info Custom Your Reminders Feedback
Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses, Lumine with glasses... Soo cute... Should I say the sacred texts? Glasses really are versatile (i dont have the text but go on comrade) Alright... Deep breath Glassesarereallyversatile.First,youcanhaveglasses-wearinggirlstakethemoffandsuddenlybecomebeautiful,orhavegirlswearingglassesflashingthosecutegrins,orhavegirlsstealingtheprotagonist'sglassesandputtingthemonlike,"Haha,gotyourglasses!'That'sjustwaytoocute!Also,boyswithglasses!Ireallylikewhentheirglasseshavethatsuspiciouslookinggleam,andit'samazinghowitcanlookreallycoolorjustbeajoke.Ireallylikehowitcanfulfillallthoseabstractneeds.Beingabletoswitchupthestylesandcolorsofglassesbasedonyourmoodisalotoffuntoo!It'sactuallysomuchfun!Youhavethosehalfrimglasses,orthethickframeglasses,everything!It'slikeyou'reenjoyingallthesekindsofglassesatabuffet.IreallywantLunatotrysomeonorMarinetotrysomeontoreplacehereyepatch.WereallyneedglassestobecomeathinginHololiveandstartsellingthemforHoloComi. Don't you think... We really... Need to... Officially... Give... Everyone... Glasses? Tq Friend Thanks Shaw I never understood the "takes them off and becomes beautiful" part. It's a trope maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
Should I say the sacred texts? Glasses really are versatile (i dont have the text but go on comrade) Alright... Deep breath Glassesarereallyversatile.First,youcanhaveglasses-wearinggirlstakethemoffandsuddenlybecomebeautiful,orhavegirlswearingglassesflashingthosecutegrins,orhavegirlsstealingtheprotagonist'sglassesandputtingthemonlike,"Haha,gotyourglasses!'That'sjustwaytoocute!Also,boyswithglasses!Ireallylikewhentheirglasseshavethatsuspiciouslookinggleam,andit'samazinghowitcanlookreallycoolorjustbeajoke.Ireallylikehowitcanfulfillallthoseabstractneeds.Beingabletoswitchupthestylesandcolorsofglassesbasedonyourmoodisalotoffuntoo!It'sactuallysomuchfun!Youhavethosehalfrimglasses,orthethickframeglasses,everything!It'slikeyou'reenjoyingallthesekindsofglassesatabuffet.IreallywantLunatotrysomeonorMarinetotrysomeontoreplacehereyepatch.WereallyneedglassestobecomeathinginHololiveandstartsellingthemforHoloComi. Don't you think... We really... Need to... Officially... Give... Everyone... Glasses? Tq Friend Thanks Shaw I never understood the "takes them off and becomes beautiful" part. It's a trope maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
Glasses really are versatile (i dont have the text but go on comrade) Alright... Deep breath Glassesarereallyversatile.First,youcanhaveglasses-wearinggirlstakethemoffandsuddenlybecomebeautiful,orhavegirlswearingglassesflashingthosecutegrins,orhavegirlsstealingtheprotagonist'sglassesandputtingthemonlike,"Haha,gotyourglasses!'That'sjustwaytoocute!Also,boyswithglasses!Ireallylikewhentheirglasseshavethatsuspiciouslookinggleam,andit'samazinghowitcanlookreallycoolorjustbeajoke.Ireallylikehowitcanfulfillallthoseabstractneeds.Beingabletoswitchupthestylesandcolorsofglassesbasedonyourmoodisalotoffuntoo!It'sactuallysomuchfun!Youhavethosehalfrimglasses,orthethickframeglasses,everything!It'slikeyou'reenjoyingallthesekindsofglassesatabuffet.IreallywantLunatotrysomeonorMarinetotrysomeontoreplacehereyepatch.WereallyneedglassestobecomeathinginHololiveandstartsellingthemforHoloComi. Don't you think... We really... Need to... Officially... Give... Everyone... Glasses? Tq Friend Thanks Shaw I never understood the "takes them off and becomes beautiful" part. It's a trope maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
Alright... Deep breath Glassesarereallyversatile.First,youcanhaveglasses-wearinggirlstakethemoffandsuddenlybecomebeautiful,orhavegirlswearingglassesflashingthosecutegrins,orhavegirlsstealingtheprotagonist'sglassesandputtingthemonlike,"Haha,gotyourglasses!'That'sjustwaytoocute!Also,boyswithglasses!Ireallylikewhentheirglasseshavethatsuspiciouslookinggleam,andit'samazinghowitcanlookreallycoolorjustbeajoke.Ireallylikehowitcanfulfillallthoseabstractneeds.Beingabletoswitchupthestylesandcolorsofglassesbasedonyourmoodisalotoffuntoo!It'sactuallysomuchfun!Youhavethosehalfrimglasses,orthethickframeglasses,everything!It'slikeyou'reenjoyingallthesekindsofglassesatabuffet.IreallywantLunatotrysomeonorMarinetotrysomeontoreplacehereyepatch.WereallyneedglassestobecomeathinginHololiveandstartsellingthemforHoloComi. Don't you think... We really... Need to... Officially... Give... Everyone... Glasses? Tq Friend Thanks Shaw I never understood the "takes them off and becomes beautiful" part. It's a trope maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
Tq Friend
Thanks Shaw
I never understood the "takes them off and becomes beautiful" part. It's a trope maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
It's a trope maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
maybe I just don't like it because I always got shit for wearing glasses when I was little. I don't know what's so un-beautiful about wearing glasses
So Ei is upgrading her puppet body NEET.
Now she only needs a dragon,white haired girlfriend and to kill a certain ice god Well we already have a white haired girlfriend Stop right there! you mean Asmodeus(Unknown God) we don't know if thats Kiana parallel version "Only through Eternity are you closest to the Heavenly Principles" Yeah, but remember that the Unknown Goddess is the Sustainer, not the Heavenly Principles itself. Shhh dont tell that to shippers their dream will break the fox thats dead They have both the same jp and cn va like raiden (m)ei and yae miko Also an Elf-Girl and Snake-Girl Sorry mate traveller already got her white haired girlfriend Since Ei cant cook traveller took the opportunity and won
Well we already have a white haired girlfriend Stop right there! you mean Asmodeus(Unknown God) we don't know if thats Kiana parallel version "Only through Eternity are you closest to the Heavenly Principles" Yeah, but remember that the Unknown Goddess is the Sustainer, not the Heavenly Principles itself. Shhh dont tell that to shippers their dream will break the fox thats dead They have both the same jp and cn va like raiden (m)ei and yae miko
Stop right there!
you mean Asmodeus(Unknown God) we don't know if thats Kiana parallel version "Only through Eternity are you closest to the Heavenly Principles" Yeah, but remember that the Unknown Goddess is the Sustainer, not the Heavenly Principles itself. Shhh dont tell that to shippers their dream will break the fox thats dead They have both the same jp and cn va like raiden (m)ei and yae miko
"Only through Eternity are you closest to the Heavenly Principles" Yeah, but remember that the Unknown Goddess is the Sustainer, not the Heavenly Principles itself. Shhh dont tell that to shippers their dream will break
Yeah, but remember that the Unknown Goddess is the Sustainer, not the Heavenly Principles itself. Shhh dont tell that to shippers their dream will break
Shhh dont tell that to shippers their dream will break
the fox thats dead
They have both the same jp and cn va like raiden (m)ei and yae miko
Also an Elf-Girl and Snake-Girl
Sorry mate traveller already got her white haired girlfriend Since Ei cant cook traveller took the opportunity and won
imagine genshin revealing it at the end as the mirror of Honkai lmao
honshin impact Genkai Impact honshin impact 4th
Genkai Impact honshin impact 4th
honshin impact 4th
Raiden Mei and Raiden Ei Dr.MEI (M)akoto (EI) Mei
Dr.MEI
(M)akoto (EI) Mei
What Mei Raiden looks like if she holds the Gem of Conquest and the Gem of Dominion? Gems actually turn into cores after the respective herrscher is born so it's technically core of thunder and core of dominance
Gems actually turn into cores after the respective herrscher is born so it's technically core of thunder and core of dominance
So, uh... Raiden needs a new skin. Not saying it has to be exactly like that, but my Raiden just feels kinda lame now (honestly I've never been a fan of Raiden's outfit; there's nothing either regal or " warrior Shogun" about it). I get that it's supposed to show off the fact that she's so dangerous she needs little to no armor for protection. But for Asmoday's sake, Ei! Stop fighting in your pajamas! If i went to war and my adversart showed up in pajamas i would just surrender. kagemusha ei as skin when
I get that it's supposed to show off the fact that she's so dangerous she needs little to no armor for protection. But for Asmoday's sake, Ei! Stop fighting in your pajamas! If i went to war and my adversart showed up in pajamas i would just surrender.
If i went to war and my adversart showed up in pajamas i would just surrender.
kagemusha ei as skin when
Original meme
I see what you did there mihoyo
If they just added Kiana.. I don't think i'd be able to hold back my savings. im personally waiting on genshin seele, but genshin dudu or mobius would be very welcome There was a mobius inspired fanart of the dendro archon a few days ago. That was great. Also i just now remember that the unknown god is genshin kiana.. sustainer of heavenly principles banner when About the dendro Archon, I remember Uncle Dumbdumb saying she's has child body type with white hair , iirc that was the same post he leaked Yae kit and Keqing outfit description. Theresa then, huh? Dang so Theresa in genshin might be the principal of sumeru academy. I think durandal is jean and rita is lisa in genshin Both blonde,overworking and serious Both brown hair,acts mysterious and both are arara oneesans Paimon's final form
im personally waiting on genshin seele, but genshin dudu or mobius would be very welcome There was a mobius inspired fanart of the dendro archon a few days ago. That was great. Also i just now remember that the unknown god is genshin kiana.. sustainer of heavenly principles banner when About the dendro Archon, I remember Uncle Dumbdumb saying she's has child body type with white hair , iirc that was the same post he leaked Yae kit and Keqing outfit description. Theresa then, huh? Dang so Theresa in genshin might be the principal of sumeru academy. I think durandal is jean and rita is lisa in genshin Both blonde,overworking and serious Both brown hair,acts mysterious and both are arara oneesans
There was a mobius inspired fanart of the dendro archon a few days ago. That was great. Also i just now remember that the unknown god is genshin kiana.. sustainer of heavenly principles banner when About the dendro Archon, I remember Uncle Dumbdumb saying she's has child body type with white hair , iirc that was the same post he leaked Yae kit and Keqing outfit description. Theresa then, huh? Dang so Theresa in genshin might be the principal of sumeru academy.
sustainer of heavenly principles banner when
About the dendro Archon, I remember Uncle Dumbdumb saying she's has child body type with white hair , iirc that was the same post he leaked Yae kit and Keqing outfit description. Theresa then, huh? Dang so Theresa in genshin might be the principal of sumeru academy.
Theresa then, huh? Dang so Theresa in genshin might be the principal of sumeru academy.
Dang so Theresa in genshin might be the principal of sumeru academy.
I think durandal is jean and rita is lisa in genshin Both blonde,overworking and serious Both brown hair,acts mysterious and both are arara oneesans
Paimon's final form
Heavily inspired by and I am all in for it.
Raiden Shogun over here like, Mangekyou Sharingan
I hope we get boss raiden as a skin but given childe still hasn't gotten a skin I doubt raiden will
It is Shogun's susanoo. Ah a man of culture
Ah a man of culture
Shogun’s one is cooler because it has more hands to jerk me off
That was exactly my first thought as well
Side note, love the new traveler template
God, imagine if we got rank up quests in Genshin that changed characters' bursts.
Ei fcked up     Aether, Miko and all of Inazuma: AGAIN?!?
I can feel that Sumeru's archon gonna Durandal loli form.(Because Durandal  found the seed of Sumeru in Honkai and she has a green purchasable outfit) Hydro archon gonna be Rita(Rita's themes are like Sherlock Holmes' era themes and Fountain's outfits seems to be just like that too) Pyro Archon gonna be tanned Himeko(Yo wtf?) Cryo archon gonna be (Adult?) Bronya.(Yeah Mihoyo will put their favourite daugther, Hanser, to the Genshin too.)
Red is NOT Mei's color at all. It looks terrible on her. Her aqueous springtide look fits her way more than that red thing
...... The Pyro Archon is gonna die fighting the Unknown God isn't she?
Oh come on. All of them just AU-version of themselves. No matter what going around — you’ll never outrun your destiny.
Looks like she unlocked Susanoo if you ask me
用户已删除评论 Why you getting downvote for stating who you like more lol
Why you getting downvote for stating who you like more lol
theyre both amazing.
They still look better compared to playable Ei as they look more intimidating, sexy and somewhat regal to a certain degree.
Well Raiden Shogun is based on Mei, so kinda expected
As a mei and ei simp, i see this as an absolute win As a simp, I see this as an absolute win
As a simp, I see this as an absolute win
I think we will soon get a raiden shogun boss figurine
th- that's not how you are supposed to grab a sword...
Why did they change Ei’s appearance? I’m assuming it’s her as a boss right? CCP censorship?
CCP censorship?
Those glasses really work on her!
换个眼镜吧
Lumine wears glass. Cute
Man honkai story is good but I cant bring myself to play it anymore
I hope we get these as Celestia costumes in the same way there are Herscherrs in Honkai
