My parcel has finally arrived!!! This is by far the best thing I’ve spent with my adult money!! I really like the souvenir card! ================================================================================  评论列表:
I dare you to put on that crown! track me If it were me I'd play through the whole game while wearing the crown. This is actually a good idea! Every time you die the circlet tightens by 1mm lol,fewer people can beat this game o7 OP Wear a Walmart monkey mask instead Prove it; pics or it didn’t happen After I beat the game I may just need to walk around in full Wukong Armor and staff I can see how that can be fun for rp reasons. I bet it would even become a burden wearing it for all those hours then finally take it off for the finak cutscene. I hope you’re wearing while on Teams meetings too.
If it were me I'd play through the whole game while wearing the crown. This is actually a good idea! Every time you die the circlet tightens by 1mm lol,fewer people can beat this game o7 OP Wear a Walmart monkey mask instead Prove it; pics or it didn’t happen After I beat the game I may just need to walk around in full Wukong Armor and staff I can see how that can be fun for rp reasons. I bet it would even become a burden wearing it for all those hours then finally take it off for the finak cutscene. I hope you’re wearing while on Teams meetings too.
This is actually a good idea! Every time you die the circlet tightens by 1mm lol,fewer people can beat this game o7 OP Wear a Walmart monkey mask instead Prove it; pics or it didn’t happen After I beat the game I may just need to walk around in full Wukong Armor and staff
Every time you die the circlet tightens by 1mm lol,fewer people can beat this game o7 OP
lol,fewer people can beat this game
o7 OP
Wear a Walmart monkey mask instead
Prove it; pics or it didn’t happen After I beat the game I may just need to walk around in full Wukong Armor and staff
After I beat the game I may just need to walk around in full Wukong Armor and staff
I can see how that can be fun for rp reasons. I bet it would even become a burden wearing it for all those hours then finally take it off for the finak cutscene.
I hope you’re wearing while on Teams meetings too.
I read this as "Best thing I've spent as adult monkey" 😂 🐵🐵🐵
😂
🐵🐵🐵
Man I wish these didn’t sell out so fast.  It’s so nice. Hopefully they will restock it in the future Mine arrived today too. On the back of the steel card is the set number (numbered 1 to 20k). Hopefully they get a box set for DLCs Yes I saw that too! I really like the steel card, the number on the back makes it one of a kind I mean they sold 10million copies, if they want more money it’d be silly not to restock 20million by now i believe Waiting for the Temu edition for $0.14. Lol. Good one 👍 You can still get them on EBay. Only $650 with free shipping! “Only” 😭 用户已删除评论 This is the deluxe version without figure that launched at 200 dollars, you are talking about the collector edition that launched at 700 dollars.
Hopefully they will restock it in the future Mine arrived today too. On the back of the steel card is the set number (numbered 1 to 20k). Hopefully they get a box set for DLCs Yes I saw that too! I really like the steel card, the number on the back makes it one of a kind I mean they sold 10million copies, if they want more money it’d be silly not to restock 20million by now i believe Waiting for the Temu edition for $0.14. Lol. Good one 👍
Mine arrived today too. On the back of the steel card is the set number (numbered 1 to 20k). Hopefully they get a box set for DLCs Yes I saw that too! I really like the steel card, the number on the back makes it one of a kind
Yes I saw that too! I really like the steel card, the number on the back makes it one of a kind
I mean they sold 10million copies, if they want more money it’d be silly not to restock 20million by now i believe
20million by now i believe
Waiting for the Temu edition for $0.14. Lol. Good one 👍
Lol. Good one 👍
You can still get them on EBay. Only $650 with free shipping! “Only” 😭 用户已删除评论 This is the deluxe version without figure that launched at 200 dollars, you are talking about the collector edition that launched at 700 dollars.
“Only” 😭 用户已删除评论 This is the deluxe version without figure that launched at 200 dollars, you are talking about the collector edition that launched at 700 dollars.
用户已删除评论 This is the deluxe version without figure that launched at 200 dollars, you are talking about the collector edition that launched at 700 dollars.
This is the deluxe version without figure that launched at 200 dollars, you are talking about the collector edition that launched at 700 dollars.
One of only a few games where I’d like to own something like this, very cool! Same! I usually don’t buy CE but I really like JTTW so I know I have to get one
Same! I usually don’t buy CE but I really like JTTW so I know I have to get one
Looks awesome! What does it contain? I copied this from their website! Box contents: Steel Case (Steam Digital Deluxe Edition Activation Code) Wind Chime Necklace Gold Sun Crow Pin Thunderstone Ring Warranty Certificate Stamps and Postcard Chaos at the Pearls Banquet The Constricting Headband isn't there meant to be a figurine? No that's the Collector's Edition Main difference is instead of the headband you get the figure No physical copy. Sad. But otherwise amazing Denuvo.
I copied this from their website! Box contents: Steel Case (Steam Digital Deluxe Edition Activation Code) Wind Chime Necklace Gold Sun Crow Pin Thunderstone Ring Warranty Certificate Stamps and Postcard Chaos at the Pearls Banquet The Constricting Headband isn't there meant to be a figurine? No that's the Collector's Edition Main difference is instead of the headband you get the figure No physical copy. Sad. But otherwise amazing Denuvo.
isn't there meant to be a figurine? No that's the Collector's Edition Main difference is instead of the headband you get the figure
No that's the Collector's Edition Main difference is instead of the headband you get the figure
No physical copy. Sad. But otherwise amazing Denuvo.
Denuvo.
I'm so jealous! Hopefully they'll release deluxe/collector's edition for the rest of the world market as well! Same! I really want a PS5 version
Same! I really want a PS5 version
Where did you buy it? I went to the game science website, they just redirected me to playasia and they are oos. I bought it from PlayAsia, but I think they are all sold out
I bought it from PlayAsia, but I think they are all sold out
Godlike, Arguably the best Collectors Edition I’ve ever seen Agree! I’m so glad I bought the Deluxe edition!
Agree! I’m so glad I bought the Deluxe edition!
Damnnn, where did you order from? PlayAsia, I think it’s the only authorized seller for overseas orders
PlayAsia, I think it’s the only authorized seller for overseas orders
Whatever you do, do not try on the golden crown!
If only it wasn't sooooo freakin expensive..... I think the price of the product is fine, but the shipping fee is definitely outrageous
I think the price of the product is fine, but the shipping fee is definitely outrageous
if you don't wear that crown while playing through the game I'll be disappointed
I want is a physical copy 😭
用户已删除评论
I'm happy and jealous of you, I couldn't get it 🥲 Thanks! But I hope they will release a new batch soon and you can get one!
Thanks! But I hope they will release a new batch soon and you can get one!
Got mine a couple days ago and I love it, I just wish I could wear the circlet.
That low key makes me wanna buy a physical copy just for the extra goodies. And I’m already deep into a NG+ run
i just wish it came with a physical disk. i wish the game had physical in general
Omg… I want it.
Congratulations, just managed to speedrun this masterpiece, took me 6h to learn everything! 🫠 Nice! Congrats man, currently on my second run to unlock everything lesgooo, after I've got the true ending, maan, this game has to be the GOTY 🏆 It’s my GOTY for sure! 6h to finish the game? Took me 6h to kill one boss!
Nice! Congrats man, currently on my second run to unlock everything lesgooo, after I've got the true ending, maan, this game has to be the GOTY 🏆 It’s my GOTY for sure!
lesgooo, after I've got the true ending, maan, this game has to be the GOTY 🏆 It’s my GOTY for sure!
It’s my GOTY for sure!
6h to finish the game? Took me 6h to kill one boss!
Can you wear the pilgrim headband while you play? I sure can, as long as it doesn’t make my head hurt like it did to wukong at the beginning of the game 😂 I’m absolutely loving this game. If you wear the headband, please post pics 😎🤘🏻
I sure can, as long as it doesn’t make my head hurt like it did to wukong at the beginning of the game 😂 I’m absolutely loving this game. If you wear the headband, please post pics 😎🤘🏻
I’m absolutely loving this game. If you wear the headband, please post pics 😎🤘🏻
So cool I want it
🔥🔥
I’m jealous
Maybe they'll come with a disc eventually
Wait so if I woulda spent a extra $10 ? I woulda got all of this ?! Smh
where's the stick There’s no stick for Deluxe, I would love to have the stick too 😭
There’s no stick for Deluxe, I would love to have the stick too 😭
I love my Sekiro Deluxe Edition…this is beautiful too Ooh I looked it up online and it looks cool too! We need more well-made CE for games
Ooh I looked it up online and it looks cool too! We need more well-made CE for games
I thought they gave you a pair of chopsticks 💀 Honestly, I wouldn’t mind a wukong-themed chopsticks 😂
Honestly, I wouldn’t mind a wukong-themed chopsticks 😂
I need the collectors edition, whenever its back in stock
One of the few actually worth getting Agree!
Agree!
Is this real??
I want this but i don't have money looks so nice
How much does this cost you? Around $260
Around $260
Very nice!
Damn. I bought the digital deluxe version and got nothing
I really hope they make an “art of” book for this game
That’s sick af. It looks so nice! I’m officially jealous 😩 Enjoy bro!
lol
版主已移除评论
I wish I bought this :’(
Where do you get that?
Ahh yes, another Delux box to be enjoyed for 20 mins, then piled in with the rest of the forgotten.
i need that.... want is
Wow! Incredible! Does it include a wukong statue?
What a beautiful edition! Thank you for sharing
How to get these things?
I saw asmongold opening and showing off the stuff inside and my impression was: damn! They really put a lot of thoughts in it. I especially liked the scroll.
Where do you buy it
That looks so gorgeous🔥
This is so cool 😭❤️
Whats the best thing you’ve purchased with your non-adult money?
Aweeeeeesomeeee
how much duty for deluxe？
That's so sick 🔥🔥🔥
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: DrakeIgneel 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-10T11:51:06.396000+0000 内容: I need it!!!
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Shirley_Castillo , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Shirley_Castillo , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Anyone know where i could still order this if it's available? Anyone know where I could still order this if It's available? - DrakeIgneel I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully. Learn more about me. Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete"
Anyone know where I could still order this if It's available? - DrakeIgneel I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully. Learn more about me. Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete"
How to get there ?
Man it looks so good
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: shadowmanAlf2000 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-10T14:17:21.672000+0000 内容: Did you get the figure with it ? That looks awesome
Did this come with an articulated figure or a statue?
Can you buy the art and items without buying the game since I already have it?
Holy shit I wish I knew the game had a deluxe edition, I would have jumped right on it
I honestly just couldn’t figure out where to buy this. Though I only spent a few minutes looking…
Any chance by... giving it to me... for no reason, but for fun? XD Imagine it! Everyone would be happy. You made someone very happy who you don't even know. And well, there is me, who is, happy. Sounds like a very good deal, right? XD
🔥🔥🔥
WHAT?!??!? I didn't even know this was an option 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Isn’t that Collector’s Edition, not Deluxe Edition?
I don’t see the actual game ? Is only digital? If it is then that sucks !
All I have to say is wow man. That’s a work of art you got right there my friend. If you have the novel, you should definitely display this beside it as I think that would look really good. As for this being GS’s first major release, that’s one hell of a “Deluxe Edition”. I’ve seen a lot of “deluxe edition” games that just come with like, a new skin or an armor you won’t use for longer than a couple hours or like a new weapon or something. I even saw one game’s deluxe edition going for 40$ CAD more than the original, and if I recall right you only got a soundtrack and “character art” All of which is only digital content, so it can’t be displayed. You definitely made a good purchase, but now you have to make sure you platinum this game lol. I’m almost there, I may even buy it again now that I see this deluxe edition, and just leave it wrapped up for display, or I’ll open it and very delicately place everything for display. I don’t really need the extra copy of the game but I mean, I do enjoy having discs still. Any game I can buy in disc form I do (unless it’s way cheaper digitally) This is awesome man. What all comes in the set? I see the crown which is awesome and also the art is magnificent but what’s all included? Would you say that everything is made well? I know a lot of these types of things get released and they’re super delicate or extremely easy to break/damage. You shall now become the monkey king my friend, enjoy the ride, it’s a great one. 9.75 out of 10 for me (invisible walls take the 0.25 point off)
Does it come with the disc?
I wouldn't put it on and I won't spoil it either, I got both ending and now I know why, in the begining is the only time wukong say sumin, and he said "all y'all, come at me"
I brought the delux digital edition too :D
When does the collectors edition ship?
That's great!
Dude. Where and how much?
Lovely
What's this? How did you buy it?
The golden headband is cool and all but please don't wear it on top of your head unless you want to lose your magical powers like Wukong did.
Does it include a physical disc?
Big props to them for using traditional Chinese letters.
