================================================================================  评论列表:
Theres gonna be an OVERLOAD of baiting replies and talking points, thats gonna make Ei resume direct control. track me okay cyno "ASSUMING CONTROL OF THIS FORM." "Ei, Ei!!! Wrong universe! WRONG UNIVERSE!!!" Paimon: What in Celestia they're doing there? Æther: Trouble. A big one. Traveler: I'm gonna slam an ass r/ThanksCyno Shepherd. Rex. SHEEEEPARD. Rex. Shepard Shepard Shepaarrrdddddd Grunt Rex
okay cyno
"ASSUMING CONTROL OF THIS FORM." "Ei, Ei!!! Wrong universe! WRONG UNIVERSE!!!" Paimon: What in Celestia they're doing there? Æther: Trouble. A big one. Traveler: I'm gonna slam an ass
Traveler: I'm gonna slam an ass
r/ThanksCyno
Shepherd. Rex. SHEEEEPARD. Rex. Shepard Shepard Shepaarrrdddddd Grunt Rex
Rex. SHEEEEPARD. Rex. Shepard Shepard Shepaarrrdddddd Grunt Rex
SHEEEEPARD. Rex. Shepard Shepard Shepaarrrdddddd Grunt Rex
Rex. Shepard Shepard Shepaarrrdddddd Grunt Rex
Shepard Shepard Shepaarrrdddddd Grunt Rex
Grunt Rex
Rex
Yae is ragebaiter. Alice is just straight up psychopath. Let me remind you that this woman blew up Stormterror Lair to make it look more like a ruin, and suggested to strap Hillichurl into a machine and use Hillichurl canibalism as a mean to create infinite energy. Keep in mind that she's a close friend with Gold, so she's 100% aware that hilichurls are actually Khaen'rian. god forbid women have hobbies Gatekeep, war crimes, girlboss Gatekeep, genocide, girlboss. Gold forbid* r/LetGirlsHaveFun Now i want to burn my eyes after entering that sub 😭 God forbid women do anything, smh She was also going to kill venti with the rest of her girl gang until he suggested music He ehe -ed his way out of a full out war with the Hexenzirkel. I still think the way he avoided war was an Alliance-Marriage between Varka and Alice. Hence Klee Could they kill Venti tho? If its the entire hexinzerkal vs venti yeah probably Not all Hilichurls are Khaenri'ahns Yeah but they are still former human right? Former, yes. Point is, they were all still people lol Actually? There is a Frostarm Lawachurl named Ukko on Dragonspine. Someone named Ukko is also mentioned as being the last survivor of the Sal Vindagnyr civilization which is believed to have fallen approximately 6000 years ago. Yes. Hilichurls have been around long before the Cataclysm. So... they are proto-Khaenrians from the time the Principles got pissed BEFORE the Cataclysm. Gotta tell ya not better. If the Perinheri book is correct then the Curse of the Wilderness is for those who betray God. Probably placed after the betrayal of the First Angel. I like her already stop gassing her up The hex women are a bit crazy XD "a bit" xd It's always the most beautiful ones. She's called a "witch" for a reason Not all hilichurls are khaenri'ahns, some are just regular monsters. Hilichurls existed before the cataclysm and probably before the curse of the wilderness too. She also, in an attempt to find out how Vanessa ascended to Celestia, created a contraption for launching Hilichurls into the air from Windrise. The furthest she managed to get them was to Springvale
god forbid women have hobbies Gatekeep, war crimes, girlboss Gatekeep, genocide, girlboss. Gold forbid* r/LetGirlsHaveFun Now i want to burn my eyes after entering that sub 😭 God forbid women do anything, smh
Gatekeep, war crimes, girlboss Gatekeep, genocide, girlboss.
Gatekeep, genocide, girlboss.
Gold forbid*
r/LetGirlsHaveFun Now i want to burn my eyes after entering that sub 😭 God forbid women do anything, smh
Now i want to burn my eyes after entering that sub 😭 God forbid women do anything, smh
God forbid women do anything, smh
She was also going to kill venti with the rest of her girl gang until he suggested music He ehe -ed his way out of a full out war with the Hexenzirkel. I still think the way he avoided war was an Alliance-Marriage between Varka and Alice. Hence Klee Could they kill Venti tho? If its the entire hexinzerkal vs venti yeah probably
He ehe -ed his way out of a full out war with the Hexenzirkel. I still think the way he avoided war was an Alliance-Marriage between Varka and Alice. Hence Klee
Could they kill Venti tho? If its the entire hexinzerkal vs venti yeah probably
If its the entire hexinzerkal vs venti yeah probably
Not all Hilichurls are Khaenri'ahns Yeah but they are still former human right? Former, yes. Point is, they were all still people lol Actually? There is a Frostarm Lawachurl named Ukko on Dragonspine. Someone named Ukko is also mentioned as being the last survivor of the Sal Vindagnyr civilization which is believed to have fallen approximately 6000 years ago. Yes. Hilichurls have been around long before the Cataclysm. So... they are proto-Khaenrians from the time the Principles got pissed BEFORE the Cataclysm. Gotta tell ya not better. If the Perinheri book is correct then the Curse of the Wilderness is for those who betray God. Probably placed after the betrayal of the First Angel.
Yeah but they are still former human right? Former, yes.
Former, yes.
Point is, they were all still people lol
Actually? There is a Frostarm Lawachurl named Ukko on Dragonspine. Someone named Ukko is also mentioned as being the last survivor of the Sal Vindagnyr civilization which is believed to have fallen approximately 6000 years ago. Yes. Hilichurls have been around long before the Cataclysm. So... they are proto-Khaenrians from the time the Principles got pissed BEFORE the Cataclysm. Gotta tell ya not better. If the Perinheri book is correct then the Curse of the Wilderness is for those who betray God. Probably placed after the betrayal of the First Angel.
There is a Frostarm Lawachurl named Ukko on Dragonspine. Someone named Ukko is also mentioned as being the last survivor of the Sal Vindagnyr civilization which is believed to have fallen approximately 6000 years ago.
Yes. Hilichurls have been around long before the Cataclysm. So... they are proto-Khaenrians from the time the Principles got pissed BEFORE the Cataclysm. Gotta tell ya not better. If the Perinheri book is correct then the Curse of the Wilderness is for those who betray God. Probably placed after the betrayal of the First Angel.
So... they are proto-Khaenrians from the time the Principles got pissed BEFORE the Cataclysm. Gotta tell ya not better. If the Perinheri book is correct then the Curse of the Wilderness is for those who betray God. Probably placed after the betrayal of the First Angel.
If the Perinheri book is correct then the Curse of the Wilderness is for those who betray God. Probably placed after the betrayal of the First Angel.
I like her already stop gassing her up
The hex women are a bit crazy XD "a bit" xd
"a bit" xd
It's always the most beautiful ones. She's called a "witch" for a reason
Not all hilichurls are khaenri'ahns, some are just regular monsters. Hilichurls existed before the cataclysm and probably before the curse of the wilderness too.
She also, in an attempt to find out how Vanessa ascended to Celestia, created a contraption for launching Hilichurls into the air from Windrise. The furthest she managed to get them was to Springvale
ur art looks so satisfying thank you!!
thank you!!
Yae would’ve been so much sweeter if Alice never happened Ah well, we’re past that point now so keep bullying the fox woman 👌 Good art, good hand OP I have a weird headcanon that they will meet in some Inazuma event and watch Yae Miko lose her shit because she can’t outragebait Alice lmao. Yae crashing out? Now that’s what i’d like to see I love Yae but it would be super satisfying to see her smug "all according to plan" attitude waver for just a moment, I want to see more to her than just always cool and confident I think we already saw that when she lost to Kokomi in the Inazuma TCG championship. Honestly it felt more like yae was playing kokomi and not the game I really enjoyed that little slip up in her story quest. I hope Gorou will be there to watch ... Then Alice will notice this "kawaii dog boi, wouldn't Klee love a pet?" The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao She gonna have a ratatouille moment but with the most repressed negative emotions Yae already outplayed Alice or something, according to the teyvat travel guide Ain't happening. Yae already outplayed alice. At drinking Adult Yae literally already shat on Alice lol, sorry but it's not happening. I am missing the part where yae met alice, can someone give me context From collectible book "Teyvat Travel Guide Vol.3" , excerpt: Author: Alice Little Yae has been the one managing the shrine in recent years. Ah, how she's grown! It's just a shame, really, to think that I can never again make her cry as easily as I used to. Really, I'd thought that she'd quickly get drunk, start to cry, and start talking all silly, but she drank me under the table instead... I made a fool of myself in the process and was quite thoroughly mocked for it. Getting made out to be some old woman who got what was coming to her... Bah. ...And here I was looking to tease that little girl a bit more, too. It's in tevyat travel guide. Alice used to bully little Yae. Then hundreds of years later, alice showed back up thinking she could still bully Yae only to be outplayed. Next Inazuma event, Alice tricks Yae into wanting to be Klee's babysister. ...I feel like that'd just result in Yae using Klee to fuck with people. basically, this . Wait a moment, Yae already met Klee . I wonder if she even realized she was talking to Alice's daughter. She should have. Klee is literally a small version of Alice. Alice also had Dodoco on her outfit, same as Klee, which is their family thing. Can't believe I'm saying this, but no, don't keep bullying the fox woman. That bit from the Travel guide is like the only time Yae was actually 100% sympathetic. Actually Alice can't bully Miko anymore, she tells in one of the Teyvat guides that she used to bully little Yae and make her cry, but once she visited Miko after she's grown, Miko outdrink her and ridiculed her.
I have a weird headcanon that they will meet in some Inazuma event and watch Yae Miko lose her shit because she can’t outragebait Alice lmao. Yae crashing out? Now that’s what i’d like to see I love Yae but it would be super satisfying to see her smug "all according to plan" attitude waver for just a moment, I want to see more to her than just always cool and confident I think we already saw that when she lost to Kokomi in the Inazuma TCG championship. Honestly it felt more like yae was playing kokomi and not the game I really enjoyed that little slip up in her story quest. I hope Gorou will be there to watch ... Then Alice will notice this "kawaii dog boi, wouldn't Klee love a pet?" The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao She gonna have a ratatouille moment but with the most repressed negative emotions Yae already outplayed Alice or something, according to the teyvat travel guide Ain't happening. Yae already outplayed alice. At drinking Adult Yae literally already shat on Alice lol, sorry but it's not happening.
Yae crashing out? Now that’s what i’d like to see I love Yae but it would be super satisfying to see her smug "all according to plan" attitude waver for just a moment, I want to see more to her than just always cool and confident I think we already saw that when she lost to Kokomi in the Inazuma TCG championship. Honestly it felt more like yae was playing kokomi and not the game I really enjoyed that little slip up in her story quest. I hope Gorou will be there to watch ... Then Alice will notice this "kawaii dog boi, wouldn't Klee love a pet?" The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao
I love Yae but it would be super satisfying to see her smug "all according to plan" attitude waver for just a moment, I want to see more to her than just always cool and confident I think we already saw that when she lost to Kokomi in the Inazuma TCG championship. Honestly it felt more like yae was playing kokomi and not the game I really enjoyed that little slip up in her story quest.
I think we already saw that when she lost to Kokomi in the Inazuma TCG championship. Honestly it felt more like yae was playing kokomi and not the game
Honestly it felt more like yae was playing kokomi and not the game
I really enjoyed that little slip up in her story quest.
I hope Gorou will be there to watch ... Then Alice will notice this "kawaii dog boi, wouldn't Klee love a pet?"
... Then Alice will notice this "kawaii dog boi, wouldn't Klee love a pet?"
The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao
The Traveller had an opportunity to piss her off back in the recent Inazuma event, where we kinda made a joke about Yae being "young" and she was like "don't you fucking dare" lmao
She gonna have a ratatouille moment but with the most repressed negative emotions
Yae already outplayed Alice or something, according to the teyvat travel guide
Ain't happening. Yae already outplayed alice. At drinking
At drinking
Adult Yae literally already shat on Alice lol, sorry but it's not happening.
I am missing the part where yae met alice, can someone give me context From collectible book "Teyvat Travel Guide Vol.3" , excerpt: Author: Alice Little Yae has been the one managing the shrine in recent years. Ah, how she's grown! It's just a shame, really, to think that I can never again make her cry as easily as I used to. Really, I'd thought that she'd quickly get drunk, start to cry, and start talking all silly, but she drank me under the table instead... I made a fool of myself in the process and was quite thoroughly mocked for it. Getting made out to be some old woman who got what was coming to her... Bah. ...And here I was looking to tease that little girl a bit more, too. It's in tevyat travel guide. Alice used to bully little Yae. Then hundreds of years later, alice showed back up thinking she could still bully Yae only to be outplayed. Next Inazuma event, Alice tricks Yae into wanting to be Klee's babysister. ...I feel like that'd just result in Yae using Klee to fuck with people. basically, this . Wait a moment, Yae already met Klee . I wonder if she even realized she was talking to Alice's daughter. She should have. Klee is literally a small version of Alice. Alice also had Dodoco on her outfit, same as Klee, which is their family thing.
From collectible book "Teyvat Travel Guide Vol.3" , excerpt: Author: Alice Little Yae has been the one managing the shrine in recent years. Ah, how she's grown! It's just a shame, really, to think that I can never again make her cry as easily as I used to. Really, I'd thought that she'd quickly get drunk, start to cry, and start talking all silly, but she drank me under the table instead... I made a fool of myself in the process and was quite thoroughly mocked for it. Getting made out to be some old woman who got what was coming to her... Bah. ...And here I was looking to tease that little girl a bit more, too.
It's in tevyat travel guide. Alice used to bully little Yae. Then hundreds of years later, alice showed back up thinking she could still bully Yae only to be outplayed. Next Inazuma event, Alice tricks Yae into wanting to be Klee's babysister. ...I feel like that'd just result in Yae using Klee to fuck with people. basically, this . Wait a moment, Yae already met Klee . I wonder if she even realized she was talking to Alice's daughter. She should have. Klee is literally a small version of Alice. Alice also had Dodoco on her outfit, same as Klee, which is their family thing.
Next Inazuma event, Alice tricks Yae into wanting to be Klee's babysister. ...I feel like that'd just result in Yae using Klee to fuck with people. basically, this . Wait a moment, Yae already met Klee . I wonder if she even realized she was talking to Alice's daughter. She should have. Klee is literally a small version of Alice. Alice also had Dodoco on her outfit, same as Klee, which is their family thing.
...I feel like that'd just result in Yae using Klee to fuck with people. basically, this .
basically, this .
Wait a moment, Yae already met Klee . I wonder if she even realized she was talking to Alice's daughter. She should have. Klee is literally a small version of Alice. Alice also had Dodoco on her outfit, same as Klee, which is their family thing.
She should have. Klee is literally a small version of Alice. Alice also had Dodoco on her outfit, same as Klee, which is their family thing.
Can't believe I'm saying this, but no, don't keep bullying the fox woman. That bit from the Travel guide is like the only time Yae was actually 100% sympathetic.
Actually Alice can't bully Miko anymore, she tells in one of the Teyvat guides that she used to bully little Yae and make her cry, but once she visited Miko after she's grown, Miko outdrink her and ridiculed her.
I want to see them meet again. Last time Alice visit Inazuma, Yae is still little girl and she always have a trick to make little Yae cried. I wonder how Yae reaction now if she meet Alice again Well they did "Little Yae has been the one managing the shrine in recent years. Ah, how she's grown! It's just a shame, really, to think that I can never again make her cry as easily as I used to. Really, I'd thought that she'd quickly get drunk, start to cry, and start talking all silly, but she drank me under the table instead... I made a fool of myself in the process and was quite thoroughly mocked for it. Getting made out to be some old woman who got what was coming to her... Bah. ...And here I was looking to tease that little girl a bit more, too." Alice  in teyvat travel guide vol 3 God, Alice really is a douche bag. To be fair, the longer one lives, the more strained one's sense of morality becomes, especially when you start to see all the peeps you've bonded with pass away and boredom remain forever on your doorstep. Do I approve of Alice's psychotic behavior? Absolutely not, but to me it makes logical sense that she'd have these occasional destructive tendencies. Nahhhh, no matter how old you are, if you delight in making a kid cry you're a colossal douche bag lol They'd get drunk. Yae outdrink Alice, and Yae gloats to Alice's face. Source: Teyvat Travel Guide They met recently before the events of the game I don't think the "little Yae" phrasing from the Travel guide implies Yae was literally a child. It's more like the way Yae herself calls you "little one". So Yae was younger and more emotional during that time, but not a little girl. Idk about that, Alice also talks about her being grown up so she probably was a kid back then No, it really does mean Miko was a child back then. Alice emphasizes how Little Yae grew up.
Well they did "Little Yae has been the one managing the shrine in recent years. Ah, how she's grown! It's just a shame, really, to think that I can never again make her cry as easily as I used to. Really, I'd thought that she'd quickly get drunk, start to cry, and start talking all silly, but she drank me under the table instead... I made a fool of myself in the process and was quite thoroughly mocked for it. Getting made out to be some old woman who got what was coming to her... Bah. ...And here I was looking to tease that little girl a bit more, too." Alice  in teyvat travel guide vol 3 God, Alice really is a douche bag. To be fair, the longer one lives, the more strained one's sense of morality becomes, especially when you start to see all the peeps you've bonded with pass away and boredom remain forever on your doorstep. Do I approve of Alice's psychotic behavior? Absolutely not, but to me it makes logical sense that she'd have these occasional destructive tendencies. Nahhhh, no matter how old you are, if you delight in making a kid cry you're a colossal douche bag lol
God, Alice really is a douche bag. To be fair, the longer one lives, the more strained one's sense of morality becomes, especially when you start to see all the peeps you've bonded with pass away and boredom remain forever on your doorstep. Do I approve of Alice's psychotic behavior? Absolutely not, but to me it makes logical sense that she'd have these occasional destructive tendencies. Nahhhh, no matter how old you are, if you delight in making a kid cry you're a colossal douche bag lol
To be fair, the longer one lives, the more strained one's sense of morality becomes, especially when you start to see all the peeps you've bonded with pass away and boredom remain forever on your doorstep. Do I approve of Alice's psychotic behavior? Absolutely not, but to me it makes logical sense that she'd have these occasional destructive tendencies. Nahhhh, no matter how old you are, if you delight in making a kid cry you're a colossal douche bag lol
Nahhhh, no matter how old you are, if you delight in making a kid cry you're a colossal douche bag lol
They'd get drunk. Yae outdrink Alice, and Yae gloats to Alice's face. Source: Teyvat Travel Guide
They met recently before the events of the game
I don't think the "little Yae" phrasing from the Travel guide implies Yae was literally a child. It's more like the way Yae herself calls you "little one". So Yae was younger and more emotional during that time, but not a little girl. Idk about that, Alice also talks about her being grown up so she probably was a kid back then No, it really does mean Miko was a child back then. Alice emphasizes how Little Yae grew up.
Idk about that, Alice also talks about her being grown up so she probably was a kid back then
No, it really does mean Miko was a child back then. Alice emphasizes how Little Yae grew up.
Yae miko trained everyday for this moment.... I want to imagine this, only for Yae to still be outclassed by Alice Nah, Yae's got this. She's already played Alice for a fool once already.
I want to imagine this, only for Yae to still be outclassed by Alice Nah, Yae's got this. She's already played Alice for a fool once already.
Nah, Yae's got this. She's already played Alice for a fool once already.
Considering how Alice treated Yae, Yae turned out pretty damn good. We love our local foxian shrine maiden Would love to see a moment Yae successfully outwits Alice Well, we do know Yae already outwit alice in the past. Still would be funny to see it actually happen again. Could you please provide details regarding this past event? I’ve missed it It's in the Tevyat Travel guide. Basically, Alice used to show up to bully little Yae. Hundreds of years later, Alice showed back up expecting to bully yae again, only for Yae to outplay her by havint Alice get drunk and make a fool of herself.
Well, we do know Yae already outwit alice in the past. Still would be funny to see it actually happen again. Could you please provide details regarding this past event? I’ve missed it It's in the Tevyat Travel guide. Basically, Alice used to show up to bully little Yae. Hundreds of years later, Alice showed back up expecting to bully yae again, only for Yae to outplay her by havint Alice get drunk and make a fool of herself.
Could you please provide details regarding this past event? I’ve missed it It's in the Tevyat Travel guide. Basically, Alice used to show up to bully little Yae. Hundreds of years later, Alice showed back up expecting to bully yae again, only for Yae to outplay her by havint Alice get drunk and make a fool of herself.
It's in the Tevyat Travel guide. Basically, Alice used to show up to bully little Yae. Hundreds of years later, Alice showed back up expecting to bully yae again, only for Yae to outplay her by havint Alice get drunk and make a fool of herself.
my twitter!
Alice: Still writing that cringy self insert fan-fiction you call Light Novels? Yae: ……Say that again.
Throw Dahlia in and it will be complete Really nice art!!
I'll be really interested to see if they have any interactions or voice-overs about each other when Alice releases. Especially since Miko tabled the turns on her
Aren't they both pretty historical??? Yae is 500 years old and Alice is even older. You are still a kid to your parents even if you hit fifty years old With all the times my dad has said, "You're not a kid anymore, you're a grown ass man" ever since I hit 18, it definitely did not feel that way. Your mileage may vary. Then you had a tough dad.
You are still a kid to your parents even if you hit fifty years old With all the times my dad has said, "You're not a kid anymore, you're a grown ass man" ever since I hit 18, it definitely did not feel that way. Your mileage may vary. Then you had a tough dad.
With all the times my dad has said, "You're not a kid anymore, you're a grown ass man" ever since I hit 18, it definitely did not feel that way. Your mileage may vary. Then you had a tough dad.
Then you had a tough dad.
Little Yae grown up to be the smug Yae we know today probably to outplay Alice. From the artifacts story, I think she’ll be much more sweeter if she had Makoto as her role models and not bullied by Alice. Looking forward to their banter and meet up again, throw in Ei/Shogun as well
Alice: I made this girl myself.
Traveler: "But would you lose?" Yae: "Nah, I'd win"
I love Yae's pink hair better though 🥵
Mother vs mommy
I'd pay money to see Alice bully Miko. Alice was only able to do it when Miko was young and emotional, and would get drunk and cry easily. Once she tried to bully adult Miko, Miko managed to outdrink her and ridiculed her.
Alice was only able to do it when Miko was young and emotional, and would get drunk and cry easily. Once she tried to bully adult Miko, Miko managed to outdrink her and ridiculed her.
Alice literally traumatized people in inazuma
Doesn't Yae essentially admit that she can't even clear Ayato anymore because she taught him how to troll too well? If she can't beat Ayato, how's she gonna handle Alice? By getting Alice drunk and getting her to make a fool of herself. She's already handled alice Lmao. Miko didn't teach him anything. He's naturally cunning and people compared them by saying that they're similar, but Miko doesn't like the comparisons and doesn't like him that much either.
By getting Alice drunk and getting her to make a fool of herself. She's already handled alice Lmao.
Miko didn't teach him anything. He's naturally cunning and people compared them by saying that they're similar, but Miko doesn't like the comparisons and doesn't like him that much either.
I dream of being as good at it as them.
This is the woman who made smol Yae cry lmao she's devious fr
Yae Miko ftw
Imagine they put aside their rivalry and join forces. Poor Gorou, he never stood a chance. 😞
Absolute queens. Want to see meet together in future. Maybe in some event.
Yeah money is on Alice for this one
Man this is amazing like really good. Expecting to see their dynamic in the future
Alice really is the master of baiting 🔥🔥
The Face off will be Absolute Cinema
The best part is that you will can use them together in an Overload team that would do pretty decent
Who would win: Hexenzirkel witch thats as whimsical as Fae folk OR A big fox whose hobby is being a foxe to everyone
If these two don’t get a interaction in game I’m going to riot I just want to see Alice mess with her so bad
She learned from the best
Lisa for me. Those two can bicker for all they care while I get some tea.
context? why is alice a ragebaiter now?
If you think about it, it's Alice's fault Miko is such an effective ragebaiter, based on the Teyvat Travel Guides. Miko learned from the best lol.
She not even out yet but i already know i will not hate her as much as Yae becuase atleast Alice brought us klee and Albedo. What did yae ever bring us? Bullying and porn ar both not original Well, she at least saved Inazuma and wasn't proposing to use hilichurls as an energy source or something. It's all fun and jokes, but Yae is a more responsible adult by far.
Well, she at least saved Inazuma and wasn't proposing to use hilichurls as an energy source or something. It's all fun and jokes, but Yae is a more responsible adult by far.
chimp vs lion mentality
Yae is 500 or so years old. Alice is immortal or at least long-lived, but I don’t know if we know her age.
I need an event with Alice, Kokomi, Yae, Alhatithan, Ayato, Kaya and Dahlia. And another one with Itto, Mualani, Klee and Yoimiya
The Master Baiter.
Why does your art look so familiar...
These women have been at it for years now lol. According to teyvat travel guide, Alice used to tease Yae till she cried. But then yae grew up, and alice challenged her to a drinking contest, hoping to get Yae drunk and do something silly..but Yae ended up drinking Alice under the table lmao..and Alice ended up on the forefront of mockery. So sustainer of teyvat's borders or not, Yae at least defeats her in a drinking battle.
Knowing what I know, I can't root for either of them unless they destroy each other of course.
They're both arguing about who gets to keep Aether lol.
she pretty cute
ayo smegma ahh blud💀💀
Oh god, they’re gonna get shipped together so hard.
I would pay to watch Alice put Yae in a corner. I wanna see that little fox completely and utterly defeated 😈 Sorry buddy, but not happening. Alice already tried and failed while making a fool of herself after Miko was older.
Sorry buddy, but not happening. Alice already tried and failed while making a fool of herself after Miko was older.
I want Alice to put Yae through the same torment she puts Gorou through it would be so funny
"The lack of playable male is severely affecting the community" "The number says otherwise, waifu sells better." "Husbandos, in fact, also sells. Phainon, for example, " "Even irrelevant waifu character also make bank compare to one hype male character" "Where proof" "Proof is here," "That's not proof." "No, this is proof." "There's more community engagement whenever it's about husbandos," "Clearly, husbando players are terminally online," "Listen here you bitch" "Who tf are you calling me a bitch, bitch" Nonsense agenda argument takes over This all plays in my head. Clearly, im the most mentally deranged compared to waifu and husbando player. … you lost? Trying to audition for the greatest rage baiter of today? I see... What am I reading here?
… you lost?
Trying to audition for the greatest rage baiter of today? I see...
What am I reading here?
