================================================================================  评论列表:
2 MILLIONNNNNNNNN WUKONG CLONESSSSS track me Not even Buddha wants those issues I think this would finally make even the Buddha drop an F bomb. does monkey have 2 million .. lol
Not even Buddha wants those issues I think this would finally make even the Buddha drop an F bomb.
I think this would finally make even the Buddha drop an F bomb.
does monkey have 2 million .. lol
Omg!!!!! I KNEW this game was going to be a massive success, but not this massive! 😱 Yeah it's absolutely insane. A no name studio with more player count than Elden Ring, which is from a VERY well known developer with heavy hitters in their CV. This is almost like a no name phone brand that's inspired by Apple suddenly overtaking Apple with the very first product. This record will likely stand until GTA 6. The media thinks that without the English world, the game will fail, it's too naive. The Chinese market has always been overlooked by Europe and America. not just Chinese market. It's basically all East Asian and South East Asian market. That includes China, Japan, South Korea, and the whole SEA region combined. Dragon ball Goku is inspired by Monkey King too until Goku hit puberty anyway. This. I am from Vietnam and this game hit all of us differently because we know the Journey to the West by heart and I can feel that I related more to this game much more than Westerners which have no idea about the background of many characters in the game. 版主已移除评论 Seriously you are so right. My boyfriend is a Cambodian immigrant and the only video game he ever played is fucking coin master on his phone. I told him about this game based off of journey to the west and he genuinely got really fucking excited. I think we have underestimated how much people love journey to the west. It's certainly made me want to read it Wow this is a cute story lol. Apparently this game is a huge fuckin deal concerning who wukong is Just look at how posts about games like Genshin get mass downvoted on some gaming subreddits when they are literally some of the most popular and most played games on the planet. 用户已删除评论 Meh I disagree with you on your first point. I’ve had more fun with Star Rail than most other AAA games in recent years. There’s a lot more quality and care put into them than most modern releases. Plus you can expierence all the content without “gambling” once. Of course 90% of the gacha genre is trash but HoYo’s games are a major step above most full-price games. But I do agree Black Myth is fantastic and I agree it would be cool to see it inspire devs to make similar games. Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible. I don't think that can really be said about Genshin. Its a fully featured game, and the Gacha aspect isn't really required to complete any of it. Its also constantly updated with massive areas for free, all of which have their own stories, sidequests, and so on. As far as painted environmental texture-work goes, its also top notch. Most of the areas make BOTW look like a college project. It makes Arceus look like....well Arceus looks like garbage no matter what you compare it to. I played a lot of AAA games and indie games. I have over 4000+ games in my steam lib. The end of the last year I started to play Genshin and Star Rail. And I have to say, Genshin is a good game and worth to play. It is not a simple gachas game, I didn't spent a lot of money in it and play all game content. I don't know why people hate on gacha games. I love them. I get to play high-quality games without spending a cent. Please keep them coming Hoyo games are incredible, don't knock them because of your preconceptions about them. without giving them a fair shot first. Not many other game companies show as much love back to their fans and players as Mihoyo does. You should check out their free live concerts, animations and events that they have in asia that they host just for their love of the game. Their music team is incredibly cultured, and they do a lot of philanthropy work too. They spend a lot of money for funding and researching old lesser known cultures in an effort to preserve them. They donated a school one time. I don't mean they donated TO a school, they built a school and donated it. This was also before Genshin came out, before they got big and rich internationally. Americans think 1 billion is like a few million more than one million lol. And people wanted this game to fail. Hilarious!🤣 People on Tumblr is seething right now. This my reminder this year that tumblr is still a thing. Because it is fucking Sun Wu Kong. One of if not the most loved Chinese mythology character by all Asians. That means China, Japan, Korea and pretty much all of Asia apart from India. No Asians will not know the name Sun Wu Kong, old and young alike. This is a massive character, and he's finally getting a big AAA game. Not to mention their marketing has been on point for the past 4 years. So happy this game is doing well. Following this success, fingers crossed for an AAA game from the League of Gods mythology. It's not insane when it comes from China. Western troll reviewer doesn’t understand the importance of this game and all the expectations for it. You underestimate China's power.
Yeah it's absolutely insane. A no name studio with more player count than Elden Ring, which is from a VERY well known developer with heavy hitters in their CV. This is almost like a no name phone brand that's inspired by Apple suddenly overtaking Apple with the very first product. This record will likely stand until GTA 6. The media thinks that without the English world, the game will fail, it's too naive. The Chinese market has always been overlooked by Europe and America. not just Chinese market. It's basically all East Asian and South East Asian market. That includes China, Japan, South Korea, and the whole SEA region combined. Dragon ball Goku is inspired by Monkey King too until Goku hit puberty anyway. This. I am from Vietnam and this game hit all of us differently because we know the Journey to the West by heart and I can feel that I related more to this game much more than Westerners which have no idea about the background of many characters in the game. 版主已移除评论 Seriously you are so right. My boyfriend is a Cambodian immigrant and the only video game he ever played is fucking coin master on his phone. I told him about this game based off of journey to the west and he genuinely got really fucking excited. I think we have underestimated how much people love journey to the west. It's certainly made me want to read it Wow this is a cute story lol. Apparently this game is a huge fuckin deal concerning who wukong is Just look at how posts about games like Genshin get mass downvoted on some gaming subreddits when they are literally some of the most popular and most played games on the planet. 用户已删除评论 Meh I disagree with you on your first point. I’ve had more fun with Star Rail than most other AAA games in recent years. There’s a lot more quality and care put into them than most modern releases. Plus you can expierence all the content without “gambling” once. Of course 90% of the gacha genre is trash but HoYo’s games are a major step above most full-price games. But I do agree Black Myth is fantastic and I agree it would be cool to see it inspire devs to make similar games. Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible. I don't think that can really be said about Genshin. Its a fully featured game, and the Gacha aspect isn't really required to complete any of it. Its also constantly updated with massive areas for free, all of which have their own stories, sidequests, and so on. As far as painted environmental texture-work goes, its also top notch. Most of the areas make BOTW look like a college project. It makes Arceus look like....well Arceus looks like garbage no matter what you compare it to. I played a lot of AAA games and indie games. I have over 4000+ games in my steam lib. The end of the last year I started to play Genshin and Star Rail. And I have to say, Genshin is a good game and worth to play. It is not a simple gachas game, I didn't spent a lot of money in it and play all game content. I don't know why people hate on gacha games. I love them. I get to play high-quality games without spending a cent. Please keep them coming Hoyo games are incredible, don't knock them because of your preconceptions about them. without giving them a fair shot first. Not many other game companies show as much love back to their fans and players as Mihoyo does. You should check out their free live concerts, animations and events that they have in asia that they host just for their love of the game. Their music team is incredibly cultured, and they do a lot of philanthropy work too. They spend a lot of money for funding and researching old lesser known cultures in an effort to preserve them. They donated a school one time. I don't mean they donated TO a school, they built a school and donated it. This was also before Genshin came out, before they got big and rich internationally. Americans think 1 billion is like a few million more than one million lol. And people wanted this game to fail. Hilarious!🤣 People on Tumblr is seething right now. This my reminder this year that tumblr is still a thing. Because it is fucking Sun Wu Kong. One of if not the most loved Chinese mythology character by all Asians. That means China, Japan, Korea and pretty much all of Asia apart from India. No Asians will not know the name Sun Wu Kong, old and young alike. This is a massive character, and he's finally getting a big AAA game. Not to mention their marketing has been on point for the past 4 years. So happy this game is doing well. Following this success, fingers crossed for an AAA game from the League of Gods mythology. It's not insane when it comes from China.
The media thinks that without the English world, the game will fail, it's too naive. The Chinese market has always been overlooked by Europe and America. not just Chinese market. It's basically all East Asian and South East Asian market. That includes China, Japan, South Korea, and the whole SEA region combined. Dragon ball Goku is inspired by Monkey King too until Goku hit puberty anyway. This. I am from Vietnam and this game hit all of us differently because we know the Journey to the West by heart and I can feel that I related more to this game much more than Westerners which have no idea about the background of many characters in the game. 版主已移除评论 Seriously you are so right. My boyfriend is a Cambodian immigrant and the only video game he ever played is fucking coin master on his phone. I told him about this game based off of journey to the west and he genuinely got really fucking excited. I think we have underestimated how much people love journey to the west. It's certainly made me want to read it Wow this is a cute story lol. Apparently this game is a huge fuckin deal concerning who wukong is Just look at how posts about games like Genshin get mass downvoted on some gaming subreddits when they are literally some of the most popular and most played games on the planet. 用户已删除评论 Meh I disagree with you on your first point. I’ve had more fun with Star Rail than most other AAA games in recent years. There’s a lot more quality and care put into them than most modern releases. Plus you can expierence all the content without “gambling” once. Of course 90% of the gacha genre is trash but HoYo’s games are a major step above most full-price games. But I do agree Black Myth is fantastic and I agree it would be cool to see it inspire devs to make similar games. Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible. I don't think that can really be said about Genshin. Its a fully featured game, and the Gacha aspect isn't really required to complete any of it. Its also constantly updated with massive areas for free, all of which have their own stories, sidequests, and so on. As far as painted environmental texture-work goes, its also top notch. Most of the areas make BOTW look like a college project. It makes Arceus look like....well Arceus looks like garbage no matter what you compare it to. I played a lot of AAA games and indie games. I have over 4000+ games in my steam lib. The end of the last year I started to play Genshin and Star Rail. And I have to say, Genshin is a good game and worth to play. It is not a simple gachas game, I didn't spent a lot of money in it and play all game content. I don't know why people hate on gacha games. I love them. I get to play high-quality games without spending a cent. Please keep them coming Hoyo games are incredible, don't knock them because of your preconceptions about them. without giving them a fair shot first. Not many other game companies show as much love back to their fans and players as Mihoyo does. You should check out their free live concerts, animations and events that they have in asia that they host just for their love of the game. Their music team is incredibly cultured, and they do a lot of philanthropy work too. They spend a lot of money for funding and researching old lesser known cultures in an effort to preserve them. They donated a school one time. I don't mean they donated TO a school, they built a school and donated it. This was also before Genshin came out, before they got big and rich internationally. Americans think 1 billion is like a few million more than one million lol.
not just Chinese market. It's basically all East Asian and South East Asian market. That includes China, Japan, South Korea, and the whole SEA region combined. Dragon ball Goku is inspired by Monkey King too until Goku hit puberty anyway. This. I am from Vietnam and this game hit all of us differently because we know the Journey to the West by heart and I can feel that I related more to this game much more than Westerners which have no idea about the background of many characters in the game. 版主已移除评论 Seriously you are so right. My boyfriend is a Cambodian immigrant and the only video game he ever played is fucking coin master on his phone. I told him about this game based off of journey to the west and he genuinely got really fucking excited. I think we have underestimated how much people love journey to the west. It's certainly made me want to read it Wow this is a cute story lol. Apparently this game is a huge fuckin deal concerning who wukong is
Dragon ball Goku is inspired by Monkey King too until Goku hit puberty anyway.
until Goku hit puberty anyway.
This. I am from Vietnam and this game hit all of us differently because we know the Journey to the West by heart and I can feel that I related more to this game much more than Westerners which have no idea about the background of many characters in the game. 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
Seriously you are so right. My boyfriend is a Cambodian immigrant and the only video game he ever played is fucking coin master on his phone. I told him about this game based off of journey to the west and he genuinely got really fucking excited. I think we have underestimated how much people love journey to the west. It's certainly made me want to read it Wow this is a cute story lol. Apparently this game is a huge fuckin deal concerning who wukong is
Wow this is a cute story lol. Apparently this game is a huge fuckin deal concerning who wukong is
Just look at how posts about games like Genshin get mass downvoted on some gaming subreddits when they are literally some of the most popular and most played games on the planet. 用户已删除评论 Meh I disagree with you on your first point. I’ve had more fun with Star Rail than most other AAA games in recent years. There’s a lot more quality and care put into them than most modern releases. Plus you can expierence all the content without “gambling” once. Of course 90% of the gacha genre is trash but HoYo’s games are a major step above most full-price games. But I do agree Black Myth is fantastic and I agree it would be cool to see it inspire devs to make similar games. Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible. I don't think that can really be said about Genshin. Its a fully featured game, and the Gacha aspect isn't really required to complete any of it. Its also constantly updated with massive areas for free, all of which have their own stories, sidequests, and so on. As far as painted environmental texture-work goes, its also top notch. Most of the areas make BOTW look like a college project. It makes Arceus look like....well Arceus looks like garbage no matter what you compare it to. I played a lot of AAA games and indie games. I have over 4000+ games in my steam lib. The end of the last year I started to play Genshin and Star Rail. And I have to say, Genshin is a good game and worth to play. It is not a simple gachas game, I didn't spent a lot of money in it and play all game content. I don't know why people hate on gacha games. I love them. I get to play high-quality games without spending a cent. Please keep them coming Hoyo games are incredible, don't knock them because of your preconceptions about them. without giving them a fair shot first. Not many other game companies show as much love back to their fans and players as Mihoyo does. You should check out their free live concerts, animations and events that they have in asia that they host just for their love of the game. Their music team is incredibly cultured, and they do a lot of philanthropy work too. They spend a lot of money for funding and researching old lesser known cultures in an effort to preserve them. They donated a school one time. I don't mean they donated TO a school, they built a school and donated it. This was also before Genshin came out, before they got big and rich internationally.
用户已删除评论 Meh I disagree with you on your first point. I’ve had more fun with Star Rail than most other AAA games in recent years. There’s a lot more quality and care put into them than most modern releases. Plus you can expierence all the content without “gambling” once. Of course 90% of the gacha genre is trash but HoYo’s games are a major step above most full-price games. But I do agree Black Myth is fantastic and I agree it would be cool to see it inspire devs to make similar games. Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible. I don't think that can really be said about Genshin. Its a fully featured game, and the Gacha aspect isn't really required to complete any of it. Its also constantly updated with massive areas for free, all of which have their own stories, sidequests, and so on. As far as painted environmental texture-work goes, its also top notch. Most of the areas make BOTW look like a college project. It makes Arceus look like....well Arceus looks like garbage no matter what you compare it to. I played a lot of AAA games and indie games. I have over 4000+ games in my steam lib. The end of the last year I started to play Genshin and Star Rail. And I have to say, Genshin is a good game and worth to play. It is not a simple gachas game, I didn't spent a lot of money in it and play all game content. I don't know why people hate on gacha games. I love them. I get to play high-quality games without spending a cent. Please keep them coming Hoyo games are incredible, don't knock them because of your preconceptions about them. without giving them a fair shot first. Not many other game companies show as much love back to their fans and players as Mihoyo does. You should check out their free live concerts, animations and events that they have in asia that they host just for their love of the game. Their music team is incredibly cultured, and they do a lot of philanthropy work too. They spend a lot of money for funding and researching old lesser known cultures in an effort to preserve them. They donated a school one time. I don't mean they donated TO a school, they built a school and donated it. This was also before Genshin came out, before they got big and rich internationally.
Meh I disagree with you on your first point. I’ve had more fun with Star Rail than most other AAA games in recent years. There’s a lot more quality and care put into them than most modern releases. Plus you can expierence all the content without “gambling” once. Of course 90% of the gacha genre is trash but HoYo’s games are a major step above most full-price games. But I do agree Black Myth is fantastic and I agree it would be cool to see it inspire devs to make similar games. Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible.
Couldn’t agree more. Just watch Genshin‘s recent Natlan symphony concert and you’ll immediately see that Hoyo puts more love and care into their games than 90% of AAA developers. And being someone who values OSTs over almost everything else, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that they put so much work and budget into the soundtrack. Doesn’t happen often these days anymore. For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible.
For real 100% facts. Plus the HSR Penacony soundtrack is incredible.
I don't think that can really be said about Genshin. Its a fully featured game, and the Gacha aspect isn't really required to complete any of it. Its also constantly updated with massive areas for free, all of which have their own stories, sidequests, and so on. As far as painted environmental texture-work goes, its also top notch. Most of the areas make BOTW look like a college project. It makes Arceus look like....well Arceus looks like garbage no matter what you compare it to.
I played a lot of AAA games and indie games. I have over 4000+ games in my steam lib. The end of the last year I started to play Genshin and Star Rail. And I have to say, Genshin is a good game and worth to play. It is not a simple gachas game, I didn't spent a lot of money in it and play all game content.
I don't know why people hate on gacha games. I love them. I get to play high-quality games without spending a cent. Please keep them coming
Hoyo games are incredible, don't knock them because of your preconceptions about them. without giving them a fair shot first. Not many other game companies show as much love back to their fans and players as Mihoyo does. You should check out their free live concerts, animations and events that they have in asia that they host just for their love of the game. Their music team is incredibly cultured, and they do a lot of philanthropy work too. They spend a lot of money for funding and researching old lesser known cultures in an effort to preserve them. They donated a school one time. I don't mean they donated TO a school, they built a school and donated it. This was also before Genshin came out, before they got big and rich internationally.
Americans think 1 billion is like a few million more than one million lol.
And people wanted this game to fail. Hilarious!🤣 People on Tumblr is seething right now. This my reminder this year that tumblr is still a thing.
People on Tumblr is seething right now. This my reminder this year that tumblr is still a thing.
This my reminder this year that tumblr is still a thing.
Because it is fucking Sun Wu Kong. One of if not the most loved Chinese mythology character by all Asians. That means China, Japan, Korea and pretty much all of Asia apart from India. No Asians will not know the name Sun Wu Kong, old and young alike. This is a massive character, and he's finally getting a big AAA game. Not to mention their marketing has been on point for the past 4 years. So happy this game is doing well. Following this success, fingers crossed for an AAA game from the League of Gods mythology.
It's not insane when it comes from China.
Western troll reviewer doesn’t understand the importance of this game and all the expectations for it.
You underestimate China's power.
In Journey to the West, 100,000 celestial troopers are sent to defeat Wukong. Now each celestial trooper has to fight 24 monkeys Celestial foot soldier: *chuckles* I’m in danger Celestial army recruit from dead people like the Norse. So I am sure between the Tang dynasty and now there should be enough dead soldiers willing to sign up for the Chinese celestial army....but it might be tough if it takes 100k per monkey. In fact, in Chinese mythology, the celestial troopers are not signed up by dead soldiers. It is said that only the descendants of the gods, the heroes and the meritorious can become the celestial troopers. And another point is that the celestial troopers are all stars in the sky, so the number is endless. HAHAHAHA
Celestial foot soldier: *chuckles* I’m in danger Celestial army recruit from dead people like the Norse. So I am sure between the Tang dynasty and now there should be enough dead soldiers willing to sign up for the Chinese celestial army....but it might be tough if it takes 100k per monkey. In fact, in Chinese mythology, the celestial troopers are not signed up by dead soldiers. It is said that only the descendants of the gods, the heroes and the meritorious can become the celestial troopers. And another point is that the celestial troopers are all stars in the sky, so the number is endless.
Celestial army recruit from dead people like the Norse. So I am sure between the Tang dynasty and now there should be enough dead soldiers willing to sign up for the Chinese celestial army....but it might be tough if it takes 100k per monkey. In fact, in Chinese mythology, the celestial troopers are not signed up by dead soldiers. It is said that only the descendants of the gods, the heroes and the meritorious can become the celestial troopers. And another point is that the celestial troopers are all stars in the sky, so the number is endless.
In fact, in Chinese mythology, the celestial troopers are not signed up by dead soldiers. It is said that only the descendants of the gods, the heroes and the meritorious can become the celestial troopers. And another point is that the celestial troopers are all stars in the sky, so the number is endless.
HAHAHAHA
There's a Brazilian streaming for 17 hours and counting https://www.twitch.tv/skipnho He's loving the game
There's a Brazilian streaming for 17 hours and counting https://www.twitch.tv/skipnho He's loving the game
Not counting PS5 lol. This is nuts. And Chinese Steam alternative Wegame What's the percentage of it against steam I China? I'm really curious WeGame1% Steam99%，大部分中国人只用Steam Few people buy games on WeGame. But many people have WeGame accounts,And  this time, there is a very big discount on WeGame. Very few (<1%) use WeGame. - From Chinese.
And Chinese Steam alternative Wegame What's the percentage of it against steam I China? I'm really curious WeGame1% Steam99%，大部分中国人只用Steam Few people buy games on WeGame. But many people have WeGame accounts,And  this time, there is a very big discount on WeGame. Very few (<1%) use WeGame. - From Chinese.
What's the percentage of it against steam I China? I'm really curious WeGame1% Steam99%，大部分中国人只用Steam Few people buy games on WeGame. But many people have WeGame accounts,And  this time, there is a very big discount on WeGame. Very few (<1%) use WeGame. - From Chinese.
WeGame1% Steam99%，大部分中国人只用Steam
Few people buy games on WeGame. But many people have WeGame accounts,And  this time, there is a very big discount on WeGame.
Very few (<1%) use WeGame. - From Chinese.
2.09M now. be monkey king together Gentlemen...grab your Staffs. Apes Together Strong
Gentlemen...grab your Staffs.
Apes Together Strong
2,220,239 concurrent players right now. Pretty sure it just beat Palworld by about 100,000. :D
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Interesting-Squash81 点赞: 30 时间: 2024-08-20T13:38:47.281000+0000 内容: 2,2 million right now! Beat Palworld at this stage? It has exceeded Palworld with the latest data 2,223,179. Palworld's highest count was 2,101,867.
Beat Palworld at this stage? It has exceeded Palworld with the latest data 2,223,179. Palworld's highest count was 2,101,867.
It has exceeded Palworld with the latest data 2,223,179. Palworld's highest count was 2,101,867.
American devs should be put on notice cause they aren’t going to be top dogs of AAA gaming for long if they keep putting out just live service games When were American devs top dogs of AAA?  What games?  Like my childhood, the majority of the games I been playing are from Japan. GTA (Rockstar is British, but I will included as part of the West), Uncharted, Diablo, StarCraft, Warcraft (RTS), God of War, Halo, SimCity (Classic), Gears of War, Ghost of Tsushima, Red Dead Redemption, Civilization series, Half Life, Doom, Wolfenstein, Elder Scrolls, Fallout and many more. American developers have pushed and redefined gaming genre. Wolfenstein by Id Software literally blew up the FPS genre. Elder Scrolls by Bethesda made the concept of open world gaming a reality. StarCraft/Warcraft by Blizzard brought RTS to the main stream and spawned the whole genre of MOBA with introduction of hero units. You cannot discount American developers, they are AAA developers or at least were that put out legendary games. Blizzard, Bethesda, Bungie, Naughty Dog, Rare, Id, Santa Monica Studio, Firaxis, Maxis, BioWare and list goes on.
When were American devs top dogs of AAA?  What games?  Like my childhood, the majority of the games I been playing are from Japan. GTA (Rockstar is British, but I will included as part of the West), Uncharted, Diablo, StarCraft, Warcraft (RTS), God of War, Halo, SimCity (Classic), Gears of War, Ghost of Tsushima, Red Dead Redemption, Civilization series, Half Life, Doom, Wolfenstein, Elder Scrolls, Fallout and many more. American developers have pushed and redefined gaming genre. Wolfenstein by Id Software literally blew up the FPS genre. Elder Scrolls by Bethesda made the concept of open world gaming a reality. StarCraft/Warcraft by Blizzard brought RTS to the main stream and spawned the whole genre of MOBA with introduction of hero units. You cannot discount American developers, they are AAA developers or at least were that put out legendary games. Blizzard, Bethesda, Bungie, Naughty Dog, Rare, Id, Santa Monica Studio, Firaxis, Maxis, BioWare and list goes on.
GTA (Rockstar is British, but I will included as part of the West), Uncharted, Diablo, StarCraft, Warcraft (RTS), God of War, Halo, SimCity (Classic), Gears of War, Ghost of Tsushima, Red Dead Redemption, Civilization series, Half Life, Doom, Wolfenstein, Elder Scrolls, Fallout and many more. American developers have pushed and redefined gaming genre. Wolfenstein by Id Software literally blew up the FPS genre. Elder Scrolls by Bethesda made the concept of open world gaming a reality. StarCraft/Warcraft by Blizzard brought RTS to the main stream and spawned the whole genre of MOBA with introduction of hero units. You cannot discount American developers, they are AAA developers or at least were that put out legendary games. Blizzard, Bethesda, Bungie, Naughty Dog, Rare, Id, Santa Monica Studio, Firaxis, Maxis, BioWare and list goes on.
Damn, it blew away Palworld in under 24 hours.
It's funny that some of the comments here only looked at China as the only people who knew chinese mythology. Sun Wukong and journey to the west's story has spread throughout the entire South East Asia, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan. Chinese speakers don't have to come from China. They can be non-China born chinese. This is the same as knowing Greek mythology or Egyptian mythology. The game just hits many people's nostalgia from childhood Mandarin tv shows. There are so many other games and even anime adapted from Sun Wukong. It's just hilarious scrolling past so many ignorant comments, not knowing the whole world well enough.
The hype is strong. Soon 3 Million? Nothing since PUBG came even close. Doubt it tbh. But still insane number. Let's wait for the weekend I guess From my experience, it won't be higher than first days. Many people play now just for hype (mainly YT/Streamers) and abandon it even without finishing it/rushing it. I'm watching numbers of all hype releases since cyberpunk and it seems to be the pattern. But, of course i know shit about fuck, so we'll see.😂 Best thing is, this game is success 👏 Weekend numbers are always gonna be higher no matter what. I fully except over 3m easily In the case of Elden Ring , it released on a Thursday, peaked that weekend, then hit a higher peak the following weekend. Black Myth could very well see an all-time peak this weekend.
Nothing since PUBG came even close. Doubt it tbh. But still insane number. Let's wait for the weekend I guess From my experience, it won't be higher than first days. Many people play now just for hype (mainly YT/Streamers) and abandon it even without finishing it/rushing it. I'm watching numbers of all hype releases since cyberpunk and it seems to be the pattern. But, of course i know shit about fuck, so we'll see.😂 Best thing is, this game is success 👏 Weekend numbers are always gonna be higher no matter what. I fully except over 3m easily In the case of Elden Ring , it released on a Thursday, peaked that weekend, then hit a higher peak the following weekend. Black Myth could very well see an all-time peak this weekend.
Let's wait for the weekend I guess From my experience, it won't be higher than first days. Many people play now just for hype (mainly YT/Streamers) and abandon it even without finishing it/rushing it. I'm watching numbers of all hype releases since cyberpunk and it seems to be the pattern. But, of course i know shit about fuck, so we'll see.😂 Best thing is, this game is success 👏 Weekend numbers are always gonna be higher no matter what. I fully except over 3m easily In the case of Elden Ring , it released on a Thursday, peaked that weekend, then hit a higher peak the following weekend. Black Myth could very well see an all-time peak this weekend.
From my experience, it won't be higher than first days. Many people play now just for hype (mainly YT/Streamers) and abandon it even without finishing it/rushing it. I'm watching numbers of all hype releases since cyberpunk and it seems to be the pattern. But, of course i know shit about fuck, so we'll see.😂 Best thing is, this game is success 👏 Weekend numbers are always gonna be higher no matter what. I fully except over 3m easily In the case of Elden Ring , it released on a Thursday, peaked that weekend, then hit a higher peak the following weekend. Black Myth could very well see an all-time peak this weekend.
Weekend numbers are always gonna be higher no matter what. I fully except over 3m easily
In the case of Elden Ring , it released on a Thursday, peaked that weekend, then hit a higher peak the following weekend. Black Myth could very well see an all-time peak this weekend.
Aalready? Chinese players man 用户已删除评论 Ape together do be strong
Chinese players man 用户已删除评论 Ape together do be strong
用户已删除评论 Ape together do be strong
Ape together do be strong
APES LETS GO
Too fast
Just bought it, after class and work it’s monkey time
WHAT 🙀!!!
They underestimate China's power.
Insane.
insane I KNEW IT
Oh fuck you gonna make me cum !!
MONKE TOGETHER STRONG
Will the United States consider this a game that affects its national security, such as installing spyware in the game
Chinese folks are more into PC gaming than console gaming, so that is what is heavily contributing to the game being high on PC.
Can somebody ask Stephen Chow to make a commercial for Wukong???  Please??  It would really complete the Journey to the West saga for me.  And would probably put a smile on at least half of the middle aged Asian folks here on Earth.  He can suit up as an aging Wukong, look into the camera, and say something corny like, “Now you can live my younger Journey!”
Between this and Stellar Blade when are western gaming “journalists” going to learn that doomposting games backfires lmao That’s because western journalists all work for the PR mafia. Sweet baby inc try to get 7 million dollars from the Dev.
That’s because western journalists all work for the PR mafia. Sweet baby inc try to get 7 million dollars from the Dev.
OOO OOO AH AH
2.16m now
2.2 by now. are chinese players on steam? or is it just west? Yes. About 30% of Steam users are in China. It’s Steams biggest market outside of USA. Steam has about 130 million monthly users so that’s approx 40 million active Chinese players on Steam.
Yes. About 30% of Steam users are in China. It’s Steams biggest market outside of USA. Steam has about 130 million monthly users so that’s approx 40 million active Chinese players on Steam.
Officially ahead of Palworld and now at #2! To the moon!!
This is incredible. Story of the year.
Had a quick lookup, wegame has 70m users in China and steam has 11.4m users in China. Steam has 132m users world wide. So it is likely the majority of the 2m are not Chinese. China is asleep right now, and steam numbers have now dropped below 300k. I think the majority is still china
China is asleep right now, and steam numbers have now dropped below 300k. I think the majority is still china
So many monkeys... where is the diversity? 😁
Yessssss
Beautiful numbers!
hell yeah, gonna be grinding it after work i cant waittt
It's weird like I was not expecting the game to be that massive? Lies of pi, lords of fallen, and other souls like are not even close to numbers of wukong and even this sub reddit is still small compared to the amount of players it got day 1. 2x players of elden ring, Hogwarts legacy, and cyberpunk day 1 is crazy. I'm guessing it's all China players mostly since they don't use Reddit lol. Yes, there are many players in China, because everyone knows that this game is created by our own cultural traditions and has cultural feelings, so everyone is willing to unite and support our products.
Yes, there are many players in China, because everyone knows that this game is created by our own cultural traditions and has cultural feelings, so everyone is willing to unite and support our products.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-08-20T15:00:39.811000+0000 内容: I am really happy this game got the recognition it deserved. Hope we get more IPs such as this one
lol
Wukong is big in east asia as a whole (include sea too). We grown up with wukong and chinese myth alike. I never seen a game release gain this much attention in vietnam community. Translate team have been hard at work to release the Vietnamese Sub as soon as possible. And i pretty sure other sea country also like this too. So the game not even peak, there still plenty of people who dont know english waiting for sub
And the sub only have 27k followers, even my less known game console (Legion Go) have more. I guess this isn't really popular outside China. Still the optimization is worth a try. (I am looking at you, Dragon Dogma 2).
Wokes must be livid right now Why?
Why?
2.2 peak, dethroned shitalworld
only gta6 online players can beat this game
WHAT A WONDERFUL DAY!!!
Sweet Baby must be crying rn
Let’s gooooo fuck dei and sweet baby inc this is what happens when you make a GOOD GAME instead of trying to please blue haired games journalists.
Now to wait a week for reviews to come out and see if its worth the time and money.
I finished the download over night and can’t wait to go home and play it !!!!!
Im loving the game, but they trow a boss each 5 min of game… and we dint got nothing explained why we are killing them 😓 go read JTTW. At the beginning of the game, the animation tells us that we should look for what the Monkey King dropped and take the westward journey again. Because this game is a story that happened after Journey to the West, all BOSS are in the role of Journey to the West.Just as you don't need to retell Hamlet's life to write Hamlet again there's literally a detailed story description of every boss in the game. Maybe read it? There's a lore for every non-boss as well.
go read JTTW.
At the beginning of the game, the animation tells us that we should look for what the Monkey King dropped and take the westward journey again.
Because this game is a story that happened after Journey to the West, all BOSS are in the role of Journey to the West.Just as you don't need to retell Hamlet's life to write Hamlet again
there's literally a detailed story description of every boss in the game. Maybe read it? There's a lore for every non-boss as well.
This is only through steam right? I wonder how many people in total are playing this on all platforms combined. I am on Ps5 anyway 🤪
90% of them are chinese players based on the statistics I've seen.
is there a way to filter players by country ? just curious Yes according to the reviews on Steam most players are Chinese and you don't need to filter by country because it's a single player game and you won't meet other players inside the game
Yes according to the reviews on Steam most players are Chinese and you don't need to filter by country because it's a single player game and you won't meet other players inside the game
Much more if you include ps5
I don't have steam but does this mean the game has sold 2 million on Steam alone? Yeh bro you right This game has been sold AT LEAST 2 million on Steam alone. The final total sale on all platforms would be easily 10+ million, if not 20.
Yeh bro you right
This game has been sold AT LEAST 2 million on Steam alone. The final total sale on all platforms would be easily 10+ million, if not 20.
Is this real?
imagine if it was released in weekend
用户已删除评论
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: blackace352 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-20T15:56:32.744000+0000 内容: Dragon Ball going back to its roots
Let me finish my GYM sesh so I can join my fellow Monke Brethren 😭😭😭
Why is this game so popular? I have seen thumbnails advertising it but didn’t seem special so I never clicked it. Is it just massive or has a cool concept or what? Its big in China, a report said they account for like 90% of the player numbers lol This is a first 3a game that was made from China, so many Chinese have big expection
Its big in China, a report said they account for like 90% of the player numbers lol
This is a first 3a game that was made from China, so many Chinese have big expection
the steam reviews are really strange. half of them are "monkey game woo!" and the other half read like right wing manifestos. I cant fathom why people would be celebrating this game for any political reason, its very odd. it's just a monkey game. cuz in your world its just a monkey game. However, the myth of monkey is a very very tranditional story in china that represents a lot of Childhood memories (cuz one of the most success tv shows in china back to 80s is about monkey kings). If u know the fact that this is the first 3A game made by Chinese dev, and millions of chinese players want their own cultural game, then u will not feel its "strange" or what
cuz in your world its just a monkey game. However, the myth of monkey is a very very tranditional story in china that represents a lot of Childhood memories (cuz one of the most success tv shows in china back to 80s is about monkey kings). If u know the fact that this is the first 3A game made by Chinese dev, and millions of chinese players want their own cultural game, then u will not feel its "strange" or what
Now fix this damn crashing bug for the 7900XTX so i can go ape too! You can fix it by downgrade your GPU driver. New version will cause crashing.
You can fix it by downgrade your GPU driver. New version will cause crashing.
Damn. Let’s wait for weekend! I haven’t got a chance to play yet. Will def give a try this weekend!
apeshin
Can I get it for Xbox yet?
Wow and I’m just waiting for physical release.
How do you check the amount of players on Steam?
Got 99 problems but 2 million apes ain't 1
Only PUPG to BEAT for number one
Is there any indication on when a physical copy will be released for the ps5?
Love it so far. 7 bosses down lol
Deserved
Game gives a vibe like Sekiro meets Bloodborne with Ghost of Tsushima ambiance. Looks cool though.
90% Chinee
Next stop: 2.5M 🔥
Wukong
Yeah the game’s a hit even with a whole platform not getting it for awhile. I’m genuinely happy to see it popping off. Hope to join the fun soon 😭
I can’t wait! I’m picking it up on the 23rd
Lol Strong.
Dude are you from WSB 🤓
I have a 3080fe and a 5900x my game crashes when im recording my gameplay via obs at 2k high settings 😭😭😭 anybdy can help please ??
But what about the controversy!?!?? Reject journos. Embrace Black Myth: Wukong.
Reject journos. Embrace Black Myth: Wukong.
return to monke.....together
Monkeys*
Reject journos.
Played for 18 hours straight. I'm done. Off to bed. xD
W
Why can't we pause during cutscenes?  Can I get a real answer without being downvoted for asking a simple question.
Imagine how Harambe must be feeling up in heaven rn. Bro is looking down, feeling proud and smiling
Sweet baby inc punching the air right now
Im sure the game is great, No way Im paying for a game with no physical disc. Ill wait. Forever if I have to.
I wish I could get this game for my little brother, unfortunately the economy has been hard.. :(
But, but, but.. Screen Rant said game not good?
What was it now, 98% chinese players? :D
“Caesar love monkey”
With PS5, the number would be at least 3 millions (I'm one of them).
I'll be joining you damn dirty apes on payday.
Was gonna wait for a sale but decided to buy after seeing all these gameplays. No regrets at all so far, one of the best games I've played in the last few years
Between this and Helldivers, hopefully the message is recieved that people want authenticity over political pandering.
barely even breaking 300k now china hard carrying as usual
The power of millions!
2 million bro, which means every Heaven marine will have to face at least 20 monkeys at the same time.🐒🐒🐒
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Guestsparda 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-20T23:17:38.348000+0000 内容: Fuck the woke cunts. I'm glad the devs kept to their roots throughout and didn't conform. Hate all this diversity shit crazy cause so many gay and leftist people dont care, but you people just spin your own narrative and think 2 journalists speak for all leftists. LMFAO
crazy cause so many gay and leftist people dont care, but you people just spin your own narrative and think 2 journalists speak for all leftists. LMFAO
I'm waiting for a mod that turns him into a human. I can't stand playing as dirty ape.
it’s a 7 until i get a fucking ranged option 😂😂😂😂 like cool give me 7 archers and 3 chiefs… but at least give me a ranged option bro. i dont like cheesing that much
Wish i could afford it! I hope you guys have fun, ill be checking in every once in a while to see what's goin on
How much do u guys pay for that?
It's quite interesting that in this classical myth, Sun Wukong once fought against 100,000 heavenly soldiers and generals alone, but today, with two million monkeys online at the same time, it implies that the advantage of numbers has been called forth, with each heavenly soldier and general having to face 20 monkeys at the same time：）
FF7 Rebirth still GOTY though.
Reject modernity, embrace monke
I love what I've seen so far, I just wish I could fix the stuttering during gameplay. I've tried all the reccomended stuff and it's helped reduce it but still not completely solved. Love it other than that so far hope the devs release some patches or something for people like me who are dealing with some performance hiccups
Doesn't China have a population of like 1.5 billion?
It's WAY more than 2 million ppl playing this game.
The Jade Emperor only sent an army of 100 thousands heaven soliders to destory his mountain. Now each of them have to fight 20 Wukongs.
I’m genuinely loving this game, so happy with every aspect of this game so far, especially the variety offered! Multiple types of healing gourds is such a cool concept and all the bosses and fights in general in this game have been awesome, the studio that made this game absolutely killed it.
TODAY IS A WONDERFUL DAY
I’m about 6 hours in. I’m not really feeling the hype. It’s the same style game as all the other skill tree games. Am I missing something?  I’m not even seeing anything innovative. I’m running this game on a 4090 and the graphics are nice but nothing jaw dropping. Water quality sucks. Not trying to be fully negative but fully not understanding the hype behind this. There are like 12 other games like this.  What am I missing
Gotta differentiate between monkey and ape my guy.
Don't order uber eats, here's another monkey
I bought it despite it not really appealing to me. For instance, I didn’t particularly care for GoW, despite its popularity. Regardless, I must see and experience what everyone is talking about, even if I’m not typically interested in this type of game. There must exist others like me.
