Now that drm protection is by steam will it be ever cracked?????????? ================================================================================  评论列表:
It has denuvo so  it won't be cracked anytime soon the closest thing you can do is get an offline activation from the servers like Anti Denuvo Sanctuary they do this by bypassing the denuvo with the generated tokens and stuff and it is free so there is nothing to lose I guess . if you really really want to understand the process to go through offline activation method,  you can check it out This Link It is not like I am promoting or anything I just want to share that knowledge with everyone. You can check out my other comments at the post for more indepth explanations Here this link https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/s/1KvOfYqtJ0 track me Is this free ?? totally free It's free but if you update windows or update your BIOS you will have to get a new token from the server Can you provide me a website for this ? https://discord.gg/knuZExzPRa tell me if the invite doesn't work I got in but a didn't find anything bro and i think it asks for money me personally i would not be advertising a server that for 1. has logged ips in the past (no proof they havent stopped) and have a encrypted emulator and downloader, trust me there is other offline activation servers (not advertising) but surely you can find them. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money your looking at old screenshots from MONTHS AGOG, most likely. they are free to join Proof? here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right? Personally I would not recommend this server. Their tools literally log your IP address and hwid. So be careful and stay safe out there. you too there are other places who do the same things and their UI seems more sketchy and flagged as malware.  so many bad things out there, stay safe . I live in a war zone half my life if anyone wants to visit let them I used anti denuvo sanc and then I got a malware which forced me to reinstall windows, there tool is hella fishy and it logs your info. i used other downloaders and it got me malware and had to reset my steam and discord password, not ADS tho the ADS is clean for me I used cirno downloader from anti denuvo sanc and i got a bunch of password reset emails on all my logged in accounts. 2 days later ive lost access to everything. same thing happened with another server , i havent gotten any problem with ADS files now , and their process is easier also so a server that tracks your ip is fine, but the one that asks for money is not i have a question. where did you hear that pub charges money to join??? because its free I know its free. I am just pointing out how they think "anti denuvo sanctuary is fine for tracking people's ip" but "pub is evil corpo-like for asking money" even tho the statement about pub is pretty much a big fat lie. You can see how every comments pointing out the ip tracking and the one that brings up pub is downvoted while the one that literally lies about "pub asking money every single announcement" still has upvotes. i think the server staff clarified in announcement already that he isnt doing it , and then it is way way easier to self activate He also made an announcement saying "I wont be logging your ips anymore ill be taking your hwid now"
Is this free ?? totally free It's free but if you update windows or update your BIOS you will have to get a new token from the server Can you provide me a website for this ? https://discord.gg/knuZExzPRa tell me if the invite doesn't work I got in but a didn't find anything bro and i think it asks for money me personally i would not be advertising a server that for 1. has logged ips in the past (no proof they havent stopped) and have a encrypted emulator and downloader, trust me there is other offline activation servers (not advertising) but surely you can find them. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money your looking at old screenshots from MONTHS AGOG, most likely. they are free to join Proof? here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
totally free
It's free but if you update windows or update your BIOS you will have to get a new token from the server Can you provide me a website for this ? https://discord.gg/knuZExzPRa tell me if the invite doesn't work I got in but a didn't find anything bro and i think it asks for money me personally i would not be advertising a server that for 1. has logged ips in the past (no proof they havent stopped) and have a encrypted emulator and downloader, trust me there is other offline activation servers (not advertising) but surely you can find them. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money your looking at old screenshots from MONTHS AGOG, most likely. they are free to join Proof? here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
Can you provide me a website for this ? https://discord.gg/knuZExzPRa tell me if the invite doesn't work I got in but a didn't find anything bro and i think it asks for money me personally i would not be advertising a server that for 1. has logged ips in the past (no proof they havent stopped) and have a encrypted emulator and downloader, trust me there is other offline activation servers (not advertising) but surely you can find them. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money your looking at old screenshots from MONTHS AGOG, most likely. they are free to join Proof? here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
https://discord.gg/knuZExzPRa tell me if the invite doesn't work I got in but a didn't find anything bro and i think it asks for money me personally i would not be advertising a server that for 1. has logged ips in the past (no proof they havent stopped) and have a encrypted emulator and downloader, trust me there is other offline activation servers (not advertising) but surely you can find them.
I got in but a didn't find anything bro and i think it asks for money
me personally i would not be advertising a server that for 1. has logged ips in the past (no proof they havent stopped) and have a encrypted emulator and downloader, trust me there is other offline activation servers (not advertising) but surely you can find them.
that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money your looking at old screenshots from MONTHS AGOG, most likely. they are free to join Proof? here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
your looking at old screenshots from MONTHS AGOG, most likely. they are free to join
Proof? here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
here it is and tell me if that isn't a scam Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
Surely you had even a shred of common sense to realize that’s a random person messaging you that and not a staff member right?
Personally I would not recommend this server. Their tools literally log your IP address and hwid. So be careful and stay safe out there. you too there are other places who do the same things and their UI seems more sketchy and flagged as malware.  so many bad things out there, stay safe . I live in a war zone half my life if anyone wants to visit let them
you too there are other places who do the same things and their UI seems more sketchy and flagged as malware.  so many bad things out there, stay safe .
I live in a war zone half my life if anyone wants to visit let them
I used anti denuvo sanc and then I got a malware which forced me to reinstall windows, there tool is hella fishy and it logs your info. i used other downloaders and it got me malware and had to reset my steam and discord password, not ADS tho the ADS is clean for me
i used other downloaders and it got me malware and had to reset my steam and discord password, not ADS tho the ADS is clean for me
I used cirno downloader from anti denuvo sanc and i got a bunch of password reset emails on all my logged in accounts. 2 days later ive lost access to everything. same thing happened with another server , i havent gotten any problem with ADS files now , and their process is easier also
same thing happened with another server , i havent gotten any problem with ADS files now , and their process is easier also
so a server that tracks your ip is fine, but the one that asks for money is not i have a question. where did you hear that pub charges money to join??? because its free I know its free. I am just pointing out how they think "anti denuvo sanctuary is fine for tracking people's ip" but "pub is evil corpo-like for asking money" even tho the statement about pub is pretty much a big fat lie. You can see how every comments pointing out the ip tracking and the one that brings up pub is downvoted while the one that literally lies about "pub asking money every single announcement" still has upvotes. i think the server staff clarified in announcement already that he isnt doing it , and then it is way way easier to self activate He also made an announcement saying "I wont be logging your ips anymore ill be taking your hwid now"
i have a question. where did you hear that pub charges money to join??? because its free I know its free. I am just pointing out how they think "anti denuvo sanctuary is fine for tracking people's ip" but "pub is evil corpo-like for asking money" even tho the statement about pub is pretty much a big fat lie. You can see how every comments pointing out the ip tracking and the one that brings up pub is downvoted while the one that literally lies about "pub asking money every single announcement" still has upvotes.
I know its free. I am just pointing out how they think "anti denuvo sanctuary is fine for tracking people's ip" but "pub is evil corpo-like for asking money" even tho the statement about pub is pretty much a big fat lie. You can see how every comments pointing out the ip tracking and the one that brings up pub is downvoted while the one that literally lies about "pub asking money every single announcement" still has upvotes.
i think the server staff clarified in announcement already that he isnt doing it , and then it is way way easier to self activate He also made an announcement saying "I wont be logging your ips anymore ill be taking your hwid now"
He also made an announcement saying "I wont be logging your ips anymore ill be taking your hwid now"
just do offline activation. search for anti denuvo sanctuary on web and then accept the invite. you’re welcome I don't get it, can you explain the whole process :] Accha, toh sunno. just go to the web and search anti denuvo sanctuary. a discord server will come up. You need to join that and you have to be in it for more than 3 days. After those 3 days end, you will be able to request games. So one day BlackMyth can be asked to activate, on the other some other game like Fifa can be asked to activate. There are plenty of instructions on how to do it, keep in mind you have to stop updates of your windows machine. text me if you need any other help 版主已移除评论 No, thats hindi. LoL Amio tai vabsi. "Accha" ei vabe spelling sudu Bangali kore."to suno" was the final nail in the coffin 版主已移除评论 No, just their cat walking over their keyboard to start with. Made me chuckle. trust me there is other offline activation servers that dont have a ticket open time, and you can request games whenever (with a 24hr cooldown) i wont post the link here but if you search pubs lounge you will find it Nice telling people to get their IP and hwid logged and leaked. Look into what you're promoting before sharing umm i actually dont know what you are talking about, could you explain it to me..? Oh do you don't know Cirno download and activator logs your IP and hardware id whenever you use it? People are very delicate with their info and you been promoting that server to people basically helping them having their info leaked damn. i really wasnt aware about this. is there a way ti stop that? Yeah, don't use it. If you want an actual discord server to get your games faster and safer. Look into denuvo pub discord server or denuvooffline subreddit. If you been in the anti denuvo sanctuary long enough you'll see familiar faces in the pub and you'll realise what i'm saying is true. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money
I don't get it, can you explain the whole process :] Accha, toh sunno. just go to the web and search anti denuvo sanctuary. a discord server will come up. You need to join that and you have to be in it for more than 3 days. After those 3 days end, you will be able to request games. So one day BlackMyth can be asked to activate, on the other some other game like Fifa can be asked to activate. There are plenty of instructions on how to do it, keep in mind you have to stop updates of your windows machine. text me if you need any other help 版主已移除评论 No, thats hindi. LoL Amio tai vabsi. "Accha" ei vabe spelling sudu Bangali kore."to suno" was the final nail in the coffin 版主已移除评论 No, just their cat walking over their keyboard to start with. Made me chuckle.
Accha, toh sunno. just go to the web and search anti denuvo sanctuary. a discord server will come up. You need to join that and you have to be in it for more than 3 days. After those 3 days end, you will be able to request games. So one day BlackMyth can be asked to activate, on the other some other game like Fifa can be asked to activate. There are plenty of instructions on how to do it, keep in mind you have to stop updates of your windows machine. text me if you need any other help 版主已移除评论 No, thats hindi. LoL Amio tai vabsi. "Accha" ei vabe spelling sudu Bangali kore."to suno" was the final nail in the coffin 版主已移除评论 No, just their cat walking over their keyboard to start with. Made me chuckle.
版主已移除评论 No, thats hindi. LoL Amio tai vabsi. "Accha" ei vabe spelling sudu Bangali kore."to suno" was the final nail in the coffin 版主已移除评论 No, just their cat walking over their keyboard to start with. Made me chuckle.
No, thats hindi.
LoL Amio tai vabsi. "Accha" ei vabe spelling sudu Bangali kore."to suno" was the final nail in the coffin 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
No, just their cat walking over their keyboard to start with. Made me chuckle.
Made me chuckle.
trust me there is other offline activation servers that dont have a ticket open time, and you can request games whenever (with a 24hr cooldown) i wont post the link here but if you search pubs lounge you will find it
Nice telling people to get their IP and hwid logged and leaked. Look into what you're promoting before sharing umm i actually dont know what you are talking about, could you explain it to me..? Oh do you don't know Cirno download and activator logs your IP and hardware id whenever you use it? People are very delicate with their info and you been promoting that server to people basically helping them having their info leaked damn. i really wasnt aware about this. is there a way ti stop that? Yeah, don't use it. If you want an actual discord server to get your games faster and safer. Look into denuvo pub discord server or denuvooffline subreddit. If you been in the anti denuvo sanctuary long enough you'll see familiar faces in the pub and you'll realise what i'm saying is true. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money
umm i actually dont know what you are talking about, could you explain it to me..? Oh do you don't know Cirno download and activator logs your IP and hardware id whenever you use it? People are very delicate with their info and you been promoting that server to people basically helping them having their info leaked damn. i really wasnt aware about this. is there a way ti stop that? Yeah, don't use it. If you want an actual discord server to get your games faster and safer. Look into denuvo pub discord server or denuvooffline subreddit. If you been in the anti denuvo sanctuary long enough you'll see familiar faces in the pub and you'll realise what i'm saying is true. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money
Oh do you don't know Cirno download and activator logs your IP and hardware id whenever you use it? People are very delicate with their info and you been promoting that server to people basically helping them having their info leaked damn. i really wasnt aware about this. is there a way ti stop that? Yeah, don't use it. If you want an actual discord server to get your games faster and safer. Look into denuvo pub discord server or denuvooffline subreddit. If you been in the anti denuvo sanctuary long enough you'll see familiar faces in the pub and you'll realise what i'm saying is true. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money
damn. i really wasnt aware about this. is there a way ti stop that? Yeah, don't use it. If you want an actual discord server to get your games faster and safer. Look into denuvo pub discord server or denuvooffline subreddit. If you been in the anti denuvo sanctuary long enough you'll see familiar faces in the pub and you'll realise what i'm saying is true. that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money
Yeah, don't use it. If you want an actual discord server to get your games faster and safer. Look into denuvo pub discord server or denuvooffline subreddit. If you been in the anti denuvo sanctuary long enough you'll see familiar faces in the pub and you'll realise what i'm saying is true.
that server is a total scam server it ask for money when you get in , i left that denuvo offline server as soon as it ask for money
I'll be honest with you. It's a good game but it's not even close to what people are hyping it up to be. It's a solid 7 or 8/10 game. Not the masterpiece people say it is. You right 👍🏻 I'm stuck 😆 Exactly. But I didn't like the game because of skill issue. is it better than ghost of tsushima? That's a completely different genre. Cant compare those I would say Ghost of Tsushima is a decent amount better. BMW is much more engaging and a much better game imo good game but not better than wukong imo, can get boring after sometime 用户已删除评论 No, but its almost as good as 2K.
You right 👍🏻 I'm stuck 😆
Exactly. But I didn't like the game because of skill issue.
is it better than ghost of tsushima? That's a completely different genre. Cant compare those I would say Ghost of Tsushima is a decent amount better. BMW is much more engaging and a much better game imo good game but not better than wukong imo, can get boring after sometime 用户已删除评论 No, but its almost as good as 2K.
That's a completely different genre. Cant compare those
I would say Ghost of Tsushima is a decent amount better. BMW is much more engaging and a much better game imo good game but not better than wukong imo, can get boring after sometime
BMW is much more engaging and a much better game imo
good game but not better than wukong imo, can get boring after sometime
用户已删除评论 No, but its almost as good as 2K.
No, but its almost as good as 2K.
You know it's fine to just buy a game sometimes. I mean think of all the money you saved by pirating all these years. If you want that game, just get it bro, it's cool. Sometimes medical expenses and life gets ya though and you have time but no money…. Sometimes people are super rich and have all the time and money in the world... Oh wait I thought we were making baseless assumptions about OP. And there are students who can't earn too Yeah I've been there. If you want something, you can save for it, even as a student. If you can't earn and save just 10€ a month then you've got a problem and need to learn to manage your money. Not every student studies in the same country mind you. Hell, where I study, I work 2 jobs at at the same time and in transfer rate I can manage to earn 5 euros a month. Not every student has to play every single game too. There are thousands of other same genre games that are cracked. You're right. I never said every game has to be cracked. I was only countering the original comment asking to buy the game if possible. I know beggars can't be chooses lol. But if it's one thing, I'll always be grateful to the pirating community. My grades are mostly good thanks to ana's archives. Well that's fine, even 1 euro will do, then you just gotta be patient. Remember that if piracy wasn't a thing, you wouldn't even have any hope of ever playing the game at all (unless you stopped playing new games altogether until you have enough for this one). There are games I've wanted to play for the past decade but I still gotta wait until I have enough money to get a device that can run them. Just gotta be patient. Never played privacy down. If anything, I'm thankful for all the crackers and uploaders out there, for half of my education is from resources thanks to them. I'm just putting it out there that not everyone can "just buy a game". And I do agree that if people are in situations they have saved up money to spend they might as well spend it on a game. 2 jobs and an education (according to you) and your unable to save that amount??!! Yikes!!😬 Well maybe one of my jobs doesn't really count as a "job" but hey my country is in a shit sorry state rn. It depends, what if you buy the game and you don't like it while playing even though it's a lot hyped and liked by others? It has happened to many people, it depends on each person's taste Then you've got 2 hours to claim a refund, or you've just lost your money. That's just life, not everything you buy will always be worth it's money. But it seems like OP looked into it and still want to play it. sure. also, dont watch porn, dont use drugs, do exercises daily, read books and study at least one hour every day.  it's cool.
Sometimes medical expenses and life gets ya though and you have time but no money…. Sometimes people are super rich and have all the time and money in the world... Oh wait I thought we were making baseless assumptions about OP.
Sometimes people are super rich and have all the time and money in the world... Oh wait I thought we were making baseless assumptions about OP.
And there are students who can't earn too Yeah I've been there. If you want something, you can save for it, even as a student. If you can't earn and save just 10€ a month then you've got a problem and need to learn to manage your money. Not every student studies in the same country mind you. Hell, where I study, I work 2 jobs at at the same time and in transfer rate I can manage to earn 5 euros a month. Not every student has to play every single game too. There are thousands of other same genre games that are cracked. You're right. I never said every game has to be cracked. I was only countering the original comment asking to buy the game if possible. I know beggars can't be chooses lol. But if it's one thing, I'll always be grateful to the pirating community. My grades are mostly good thanks to ana's archives. Well that's fine, even 1 euro will do, then you just gotta be patient. Remember that if piracy wasn't a thing, you wouldn't even have any hope of ever playing the game at all (unless you stopped playing new games altogether until you have enough for this one). There are games I've wanted to play for the past decade but I still gotta wait until I have enough money to get a device that can run them. Just gotta be patient. Never played privacy down. If anything, I'm thankful for all the crackers and uploaders out there, for half of my education is from resources thanks to them. I'm just putting it out there that not everyone can "just buy a game". And I do agree that if people are in situations they have saved up money to spend they might as well spend it on a game. 2 jobs and an education (according to you) and your unable to save that amount??!! Yikes!!😬 Well maybe one of my jobs doesn't really count as a "job" but hey my country is in a shit sorry state rn.
Yeah I've been there. If you want something, you can save for it, even as a student. If you can't earn and save just 10€ a month then you've got a problem and need to learn to manage your money. Not every student studies in the same country mind you. Hell, where I study, I work 2 jobs at at the same time and in transfer rate I can manage to earn 5 euros a month. Not every student has to play every single game too. There are thousands of other same genre games that are cracked. You're right. I never said every game has to be cracked. I was only countering the original comment asking to buy the game if possible. I know beggars can't be chooses lol. But if it's one thing, I'll always be grateful to the pirating community. My grades are mostly good thanks to ana's archives. Well that's fine, even 1 euro will do, then you just gotta be patient. Remember that if piracy wasn't a thing, you wouldn't even have any hope of ever playing the game at all (unless you stopped playing new games altogether until you have enough for this one). There are games I've wanted to play for the past decade but I still gotta wait until I have enough money to get a device that can run them. Just gotta be patient. Never played privacy down. If anything, I'm thankful for all the crackers and uploaders out there, for half of my education is from resources thanks to them. I'm just putting it out there that not everyone can "just buy a game". And I do agree that if people are in situations they have saved up money to spend they might as well spend it on a game. 2 jobs and an education (according to you) and your unable to save that amount??!! Yikes!!😬 Well maybe one of my jobs doesn't really count as a "job" but hey my country is in a shit sorry state rn.
Not every student studies in the same country mind you. Hell, where I study, I work 2 jobs at at the same time and in transfer rate I can manage to earn 5 euros a month. Not every student has to play every single game too. There are thousands of other same genre games that are cracked. You're right. I never said every game has to be cracked. I was only countering the original comment asking to buy the game if possible. I know beggars can't be chooses lol. But if it's one thing, I'll always be grateful to the pirating community. My grades are mostly good thanks to ana's archives. Well that's fine, even 1 euro will do, then you just gotta be patient. Remember that if piracy wasn't a thing, you wouldn't even have any hope of ever playing the game at all (unless you stopped playing new games altogether until you have enough for this one). There are games I've wanted to play for the past decade but I still gotta wait until I have enough money to get a device that can run them. Just gotta be patient. Never played privacy down. If anything, I'm thankful for all the crackers and uploaders out there, for half of my education is from resources thanks to them. I'm just putting it out there that not everyone can "just buy a game". And I do agree that if people are in situations they have saved up money to spend they might as well spend it on a game. 2 jobs and an education (according to you) and your unable to save that amount??!! Yikes!!😬 Well maybe one of my jobs doesn't really count as a "job" but hey my country is in a shit sorry state rn.
Not every student has to play every single game too. There are thousands of other same genre games that are cracked. You're right. I never said every game has to be cracked. I was only countering the original comment asking to buy the game if possible. I know beggars can't be chooses lol. But if it's one thing, I'll always be grateful to the pirating community. My grades are mostly good thanks to ana's archives.
You're right. I never said every game has to be cracked. I was only countering the original comment asking to buy the game if possible. I know beggars can't be chooses lol. But if it's one thing, I'll always be grateful to the pirating community. My grades are mostly good thanks to ana's archives.
Well that's fine, even 1 euro will do, then you just gotta be patient. Remember that if piracy wasn't a thing, you wouldn't even have any hope of ever playing the game at all (unless you stopped playing new games altogether until you have enough for this one). There are games I've wanted to play for the past decade but I still gotta wait until I have enough money to get a device that can run them. Just gotta be patient. Never played privacy down. If anything, I'm thankful for all the crackers and uploaders out there, for half of my education is from resources thanks to them. I'm just putting it out there that not everyone can "just buy a game". And I do agree that if people are in situations they have saved up money to spend they might as well spend it on a game.
Never played privacy down. If anything, I'm thankful for all the crackers and uploaders out there, for half of my education is from resources thanks to them. I'm just putting it out there that not everyone can "just buy a game". And I do agree that if people are in situations they have saved up money to spend they might as well spend it on a game.
2 jobs and an education (according to you) and your unable to save that amount??!! Yikes!!😬 Well maybe one of my jobs doesn't really count as a "job" but hey my country is in a shit sorry state rn.
Well maybe one of my jobs doesn't really count as a "job" but hey my country is in a shit sorry state rn.
It depends, what if you buy the game and you don't like it while playing even though it's a lot hyped and liked by others? It has happened to many people, it depends on each person's taste Then you've got 2 hours to claim a refund, or you've just lost your money. That's just life, not everything you buy will always be worth it's money. But it seems like OP looked into it and still want to play it.
Then you've got 2 hours to claim a refund, or you've just lost your money. That's just life, not everything you buy will always be worth it's money. But it seems like OP looked into it and still want to play it.
sure. also, dont watch porn, dont use drugs, do exercises daily, read books and study at least one hour every day.  it's cool.
Steam family share was a life saver for me to play it
We don’t even have the Dead Space Remake yet, & we are waiting on games much older than that. Might as well get yourself setup with the ShadPS4 emulator & dive into Bloodborne while you wait 🤷‍♂️
Go to Allkeyshop and try to find a discounted key to the game.
Look into denuvo pub... or the denuvooffline subreddit.
Man i bought black myth wukong and that shit is always updating i rarely ever get a chance to play it pisses me off I cant play it without updating Huh? BMW barely gets any updates? Its gotten like what maybe 5-6 in total now and the majority was pretty close to release.
Huh? BMW barely gets any updates? Its gotten like what maybe 5-6 in total now and the majority was pretty close to release.
Just buy an offline account Some people give it out for free just try searching black myth wukong free steam account out of 3, 1 will be working... 用户已删除评论 I bought it from a person on FB, but there are sites that you can buy it from.
Some people give it out for free just try searching black myth wukong free steam account out of 3, 1 will be working...
用户已删除评论 I bought it from a person on FB, but there are sites that you can buy it from.
I bought it from a person on FB, but there are sites that you can buy it from.
Just buy a shared account and that's it. You save at least 50% on the game, and you don't risk your PC getting a virus. If you want, I can recommend a couple of sites where they have almost all the games, I’ve been using shared accounts for a few years now, and it's been the best discovery. please if you dont mind https://discord.gg/pubslounge join there get the game free within a couple hours, thank me later
please if you dont mind https://discord.gg/pubslounge join there get the game free within a couple hours, thank me later
https://discord.gg/pubslounge join there get the game free within a couple hours, thank me later
Dm me  there is a method steam tools if any one want
Just use vpesports.com for steam share accounts, I use them all the time and they have more than just DENUVO games and it works in 3 simple steps 1 go to website, search for game 2 like game post and comment( wait for comment to be approved 3 use the login details to login to the steam family share account and get 2factor code then enjoy ( after downloading the game go to the top left of steam and go offline and play)
Does it release on fitgirl? No, unless it's cracked which I guess will never be cracked Once they remove denuvo I don't think they will ever remove it They will eventually, they pay a huge fee so it’s not worth to keep forever Then why isn't cod modern warfare 2019 still isn't cracked yet? Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually That’s, kind of why we’re here…
No, unless it's cracked which I guess will never be cracked Once they remove denuvo I don't think they will ever remove it They will eventually, they pay a huge fee so it’s not worth to keep forever Then why isn't cod modern warfare 2019 still isn't cracked yet? Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually
Once they remove denuvo I don't think they will ever remove it They will eventually, they pay a huge fee so it’s not worth to keep forever Then why isn't cod modern warfare 2019 still isn't cracked yet? Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually
I don't think they will ever remove it They will eventually, they pay a huge fee so it’s not worth to keep forever Then why isn't cod modern warfare 2019 still isn't cracked yet? Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually
They will eventually, they pay a huge fee so it’s not worth to keep forever Then why isn't cod modern warfare 2019 still isn't cracked yet? Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually
Then why isn't cod modern warfare 2019 still isn't cracked yet? Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually
Ye i’m not saying it’s gonna happen next month or something but eventually
That’s, kind of why we’re here…
Just put it in a debugger and cracked it brah
Just buy it, worth every penny. Even I was skeptical about buying it but after playing that went away
The game sucks. I can’t even get myself to finish it
Wdym its now steam protected?
Game sucks you aren’t missing out
Just buy this one game with the money you saved from not buying others if this game is so important to you!-
Try Koyso.com. I've gotten games from there, and it's all good as long as you have an ad blocker.
24 years ? Somewhere between tomorrow and a thousand years
Somewhere between tomorrow and a thousand years
