================================================================================  评论列表:
he is indeed doing his job attracting people to see the projector in the shop track me That is a goddamn TV btw.. Tad too big, unless you live in a mansion sitting 10 metres from the fucking screen Why u think he's out by the door lol Frrrr Aye im 10 ft from an 85" its just fine. in fact it almost feels like im there with the chosen one lol I’m about 8-9 feet from a 65in every night and I play my games very happily Sorry but for ppl who can’t read chinese, this is indeed a projector shop. As TV pixel density goes up the optimal sitting distance gets closer to the TV. For an 8k TV it is recommended to sit ~1.5 times the height of the TV away from it. For a 100" TV that is about 5'. that's a laser projector Yeah https://us.xgimi.com/pages/aura Looks like xgimi aura, it’s a short throw projector In China, people are so used to big TV.  If they got the money, they go 65", hanging on the wall. yeah my tv is 65" 4K 60fps, only $200 No such thing as a TV that is too big !!  😆 😆 but that is one. Its a projecter Why does it have a thin frame around it? It’s a 90” TV Nice projector screens aren’t the roll-up kind you used to see. Now they’re straight up flat rectangles with borders called fixed frame projector screens. E.g. this one from epson 我是中国人，这是卖投影仪的商店 I'm Chinese. This is the shop selling projectors Yeah I was gonna say, I wouldn’t be surprised if this is an intentional win-win situation.  Customers are going to see he’s playing the game. or see wukong on the tv, or both, and his job is done. — And he gets to farm those sweet sweet sparks. Or maybe he's just a pro—he’s probably got the controller layout down to muscle memory and makes it look effortless while playing!
That is a goddamn TV btw.. Tad too big, unless you live in a mansion sitting 10 metres from the fucking screen Why u think he's out by the door lol Frrrr Aye im 10 ft from an 85" its just fine. in fact it almost feels like im there with the chosen one lol I’m about 8-9 feet from a 65in every night and I play my games very happily Sorry but for ppl who can’t read chinese, this is indeed a projector shop. As TV pixel density goes up the optimal sitting distance gets closer to the TV. For an 8k TV it is recommended to sit ~1.5 times the height of the TV away from it. For a 100" TV that is about 5'. that's a laser projector Yeah https://us.xgimi.com/pages/aura Looks like xgimi aura, it’s a short throw projector In China, people are so used to big TV.  If they got the money, they go 65", hanging on the wall. yeah my tv is 65" 4K 60fps, only $200 No such thing as a TV that is too big !!  😆 😆 but that is one. Its a projecter Why does it have a thin frame around it? It’s a 90” TV Nice projector screens aren’t the roll-up kind you used to see. Now they’re straight up flat rectangles with borders called fixed frame projector screens. E.g. this one from epson 我是中国人，这是卖投影仪的商店 I'm Chinese. This is the shop selling projectors
Why u think he's out by the door lol Frrrr
Frrrr
Aye im 10 ft from an 85" its just fine. in fact it almost feels like im there with the chosen one lol I’m about 8-9 feet from a 65in every night and I play my games very happily
I’m about 8-9 feet from a 65in every night and I play my games very happily
Sorry but for ppl who can’t read chinese, this is indeed a projector shop.
As TV pixel density goes up the optimal sitting distance gets closer to the TV. For an 8k TV it is recommended to sit ~1.5 times the height of the TV away from it. For a 100" TV that is about 5'.
that's a laser projector Yeah https://us.xgimi.com/pages/aura Looks like xgimi aura, it’s a short throw projector
Yeah https://us.xgimi.com/pages/aura Looks like xgimi aura, it’s a short throw projector
In China, people are so used to big TV.  If they got the money, they go 65", hanging on the wall. yeah my tv is 65" 4K 60fps, only $200
yeah my tv is 65" 4K 60fps, only $200
No such thing as a TV that is too big !!  😆 😆 but that is one.
but that is one.
Its a projecter Why does it have a thin frame around it? It’s a 90” TV Nice projector screens aren’t the roll-up kind you used to see. Now they’re straight up flat rectangles with borders called fixed frame projector screens. E.g. this one from epson 我是中国人，这是卖投影仪的商店 I'm Chinese. This is the shop selling projectors
Why does it have a thin frame around it? It’s a 90” TV Nice projector screens aren’t the roll-up kind you used to see. Now they’re straight up flat rectangles with borders called fixed frame projector screens. E.g. this one from epson 我是中国人，这是卖投影仪的商店 I'm Chinese. This is the shop selling projectors
Nice projector screens aren’t the roll-up kind you used to see. Now they’re straight up flat rectangles with borders called fixed frame projector screens. E.g. this one from epson
我是中国人，这是卖投影仪的商店 I'm Chinese. This is the shop selling projectors
Yeah I was gonna say, I wouldn’t be surprised if this is an intentional win-win situation.  Customers are going to see he’s playing the game. or see wukong on the tv, or both, and his job is done. — And he gets to farm those sweet sweet sparks.
Or maybe he's just a pro—he’s probably got the controller layout down to muscle memory and makes it look effortless while playing!
That’s  awesome.
It is an incredibly addictive game lol Until you get stuck on a boss, then it's the worst game you've ever played, lmao. But then once you beat said boss it's suddenly the best game you've ever played And people say it's not a soulslike smh. Who the fuck is saying that? Most people agree it's a mixture of GoW and Souls like. Most of the subreddit when it was release week It’s not We built different, I refuse to walk away until I beat that mfer 😆 pause And beat him I shall ✊🫡 Currently stuck on Yellow Wind Sage. 🫠 Do the side quest first. I just found out about Wind Tamer. Gonna work on it when I'm done with classes today. That's where I'm stuck as well. I've put so many attempts in. I don't know how many because I don't count, but it's over 10 for sure. Up next If you do the extra stuff in the chapter you get an item that helps. Tiger Vanguard it is I thought Tiger Vanguard was relatively easy compared to Yellow Wind Sage. I almost beat Tiger Vanguard on the first try. It's taken me dozens of attempts at Yellow Wind Sage and I still haven't beaten him. Get that wind anti-magic vessel man then use it when he does his ghost move. then he's not that hard. I already have the wind tamer. The ghost move isn't what's fucking me up. It's his combos, and also my combos. Often I get stuck in a combo animation when he attacks, so I can't dodge. Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already. Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster. If you get stuck, you must unlearn button-mashing The only one I gave up on was scorpion lord dude. Tried about 10x and said nah. Going into NG+ now and looking forward to clapping his cheeks this time. It will be funny if he keep dying on display The game was very good but most bosses were pretty easy. Only a couple of bosses took me more than one attempt.
Until you get stuck on a boss, then it's the worst game you've ever played, lmao. But then once you beat said boss it's suddenly the best game you've ever played And people say it's not a soulslike smh. Who the fuck is saying that? Most people agree it's a mixture of GoW and Souls like. Most of the subreddit when it was release week It’s not We built different, I refuse to walk away until I beat that mfer 😆 pause And beat him I shall ✊🫡 Currently stuck on Yellow Wind Sage. 🫠 Do the side quest first. I just found out about Wind Tamer. Gonna work on it when I'm done with classes today. That's where I'm stuck as well. I've put so many attempts in. I don't know how many because I don't count, but it's over 10 for sure. Up next If you do the extra stuff in the chapter you get an item that helps. Tiger Vanguard it is I thought Tiger Vanguard was relatively easy compared to Yellow Wind Sage. I almost beat Tiger Vanguard on the first try. It's taken me dozens of attempts at Yellow Wind Sage and I still haven't beaten him. Get that wind anti-magic vessel man then use it when he does his ghost move. then he's not that hard. I already have the wind tamer. The ghost move isn't what's fucking me up. It's his combos, and also my combos. Often I get stuck in a combo animation when he attacks, so I can't dodge. Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already. Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster. If you get stuck, you must unlearn button-mashing The only one I gave up on was scorpion lord dude. Tried about 10x and said nah. Going into NG+ now and looking forward to clapping his cheeks this time. It will be funny if he keep dying on display The game was very good but most bosses were pretty easy. Only a couple of bosses took me more than one attempt.
But then once you beat said boss it's suddenly the best game you've ever played And people say it's not a soulslike smh. Who the fuck is saying that? Most people agree it's a mixture of GoW and Souls like. Most of the subreddit when it was release week It’s not
And people say it's not a soulslike smh. Who the fuck is saying that? Most people agree it's a mixture of GoW and Souls like. Most of the subreddit when it was release week It’s not
Who the fuck is saying that? Most people agree it's a mixture of GoW and Souls like. Most of the subreddit when it was release week
Most of the subreddit when it was release week
It’s not
We built different, I refuse to walk away until I beat that mfer 😆 pause And beat him I shall ✊🫡
pause And beat him I shall ✊🫡
And beat him I shall ✊🫡
Currently stuck on Yellow Wind Sage. 🫠 Do the side quest first. I just found out about Wind Tamer. Gonna work on it when I'm done with classes today. That's where I'm stuck as well. I've put so many attempts in. I don't know how many because I don't count, but it's over 10 for sure. Up next If you do the extra stuff in the chapter you get an item that helps.
Do the side quest first. I just found out about Wind Tamer. Gonna work on it when I'm done with classes today.
I just found out about Wind Tamer. Gonna work on it when I'm done with classes today.
That's where I'm stuck as well. I've put so many attempts in. I don't know how many because I don't count, but it's over 10 for sure.
Up next
If you do the extra stuff in the chapter you get an item that helps.
Tiger Vanguard it is I thought Tiger Vanguard was relatively easy compared to Yellow Wind Sage. I almost beat Tiger Vanguard on the first try. It's taken me dozens of attempts at Yellow Wind Sage and I still haven't beaten him. Get that wind anti-magic vessel man then use it when he does his ghost move. then he's not that hard. I already have the wind tamer. The ghost move isn't what's fucking me up. It's his combos, and also my combos. Often I get stuck in a combo animation when he attacks, so I can't dodge. Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already. Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster.
I thought Tiger Vanguard was relatively easy compared to Yellow Wind Sage. I almost beat Tiger Vanguard on the first try. It's taken me dozens of attempts at Yellow Wind Sage and I still haven't beaten him. Get that wind anti-magic vessel man then use it when he does his ghost move. then he's not that hard. I already have the wind tamer. The ghost move isn't what's fucking me up. It's his combos, and also my combos. Often I get stuck in a combo animation when he attacks, so I can't dodge. Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already. Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster.
Get that wind anti-magic vessel man then use it when he does his ghost move. then he's not that hard. I already have the wind tamer. The ghost move isn't what's fucking me up. It's his combos, and also my combos. Often I get stuck in a combo animation when he attacks, so I can't dodge. Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already. Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster.
I already have the wind tamer. The ghost move isn't what's fucking me up. It's his combos, and also my combos. Often I get stuck in a combo animation when he attacks, so I can't dodge. Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already. Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster.
Then idk farm some levels, upgrade your gourd so you get more drinks per fight. He was hard for me when I fought him without the wind vessel then it was 1 tap with it. The hardest boss for me by far is yellow loong holy shit I have to resort to cheesing and still took 30 tries. As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already.
As far as I can tell, my gourd is upgrades as much as possible for where I am in the game already.
Animations are misleading. You have to learn how many attacks are safe and then assume he's gonna attack back. Most bosses are like this actually, it's just not always noticeable. Usually you can only get about 1-2 steps into a combo. And then it looks like they aren't attacking but you'll be halfway through the third one when suddenly you can't dodge fast enough. B/c in reality they will almost always start moving after you attack. You just won't know it b/c you're relying on what you see and not what you know. Very rarely will you get a full combo off. You mostly want to build focus dodging and taking potshots and then heavy attack when you have the opportunity. And if you get good at recognizing combos you'll also start being able to attack in the middle of their combo. Something like dodge dodge poke dodge poke dodge poke poke . Which will help build focus even faster.
If you get stuck, you must unlearn button-mashing
The only one I gave up on was scorpion lord dude. Tried about 10x and said nah. Going into NG+ now and looking forward to clapping his cheeks this time.
It will be funny if he keep dying on display
The game was very good but most bosses were pretty easy. Only a couple of bosses took me more than one attempt.
Nice. Playing this back-2-back with Space Marine 2 and been having a blast lately. Same haha
Same haha
Caught bro lacking All I see is a dude doing his job, giving live Demo of one of the intended uses of this electronic. Employee of the year imo
All I see is a dude doing his job, giving live Demo of one of the intended uses of this electronic. Employee of the year imo
Employee of the year imo
The struggle is real.
In ng+ as well haha
That’s me
My dude has the full wukong armor! Gamer
Bro imagine this guy beating the TIGER VANGUARD from BEHIND THE BACK Yeah that’s epic for him sad for me I died like 15 times to that orange cat 🐈 Nvm yellow wind sage Pff, just wait until you meet Yellow Loong prison level is hell
Pff, just wait until you meet Yellow Loong prison level is hell
prison level is hell
Buddy is so locked in he’s hitting the secret wukong stance
用户已删除评论 Nice. Now get this man a sofa, and a beer to play wukong comfortably.
Nice. Now get this man a sofa, and a beer to play wukong comfortably.
MvP!!
Lmao this is literally me… (I mean my situation not the guy) Literally ???
Literally ???
I NEED A PHYSICAL COPY ALREADY :s
At work. Headless monk theme going through my head.
Literally still at chapter 2 because of work 😒😒😒😒😒
The chosen one
"Play the game your way"
Bro living the dream
Bro wanted to play the game on insane mode and put the controller behind his back
God level!
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: candianbastard 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-09T15:39:08.180000+0000 内容: I hope bro does not get in trouble for this As if there aren't a thousand other jobs just like that he could do if he got fired. That's the only perk of doing a shitty job, you have no incentive to stay. With how viral this video has gone, it’s actually done a great job promoting the projector.
As if there aren't a thousand other jobs just like that he could do if he got fired. That's the only perk of doing a shitty job, you have no incentive to stay.
With how viral this video has gone, it’s actually done a great job promoting the projector.
Attaboy
Playing behind his back is crazy.
Deep cover
GIVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT
Yo dudes backwards upside down skill is amazing 👏
It’s a 100” 4k with Dolby he is being pro demographic for gamers, because you can only watch lost in space and transformers for so long before you go insane from reciting lines during your shift
Haven’t played the game yet, but is this the main theme? It’s ticking all of the boxes on my checklist for ‘grand’ video game tracks…
The whole mall gone know when he dies😭😭
Clever! 😏
My man's gonna be in chapter 3 a while
Bro is hard at work
Dude that's fucking badass..
Is it weird to say that I know exactly what part of the game he is at?
Hundred-Eyed Daoist Master 2nd phase is the hardest, without the trick.
Wonder if any point of the game he will shut the door with a close sign and serious gamer mode on, fk been playing PS whole life still never get the button correctly without millisecond glance at time.
He’s even on ng+ lmao
I am an employee from Xgimi. After the company learned about this incident, it rewarded this brother with an elite game controller lol.
-50 social points
I haven't had time to get passed chapter 3🥲
Modern problems require modern solutions
And new game+ nonetheless.
Hey someone has to control the display so the customers know what they're purchasing. What a great employee
I have a 15 hour work shift, from 6am till 10pm, so i play after 10 for like an hour or two.
Man's putting in work AT WORK.
Wukong hits hard everywhere
Watch me speed run this game at a department store and both hands tied behind my back.
NG+ chapter 3?
Hey, their bullshit is being demo'd. Let my man play.
That is absolutely awesome I thought about hooking my tablet up to PlayStation remote but I don't want to lose my job plus there's already enough damn lag on my PlayStation when I'm at home I won't be able to get anywhere at all with the lag I'll have on the remote access
Are they coming up with the physical copies soon?
USB c to HDmi....how I watch movies on lunch
What is the store selling?  Video games?  PS5 consoles?  TV? Projector
Projector
Lmao
Ps remote play at work with my backbone
...and the suddenly going shouting out loud all the swears :D
He mastered stealth gaming
Damn bro is on like ng+++ though
What game is that Black myth wukong,the name of this sub
Black myth wukong,the name of this sub
Can you blame hom
Good lad !!!
I work from home and in my downtime, I’m absolutely this guy.
Bro literally can play BMW with his hands tied behind his back.
I work in a maintenance shop and am alone on the weekend. Got a tv in the shop, my PS5 tucked into my toolbox, and almost no one to bother me for an entire shift on Sundays.
He definitely Yellowbrow in disguise
For the longest time mjolnir was my favorite mythical weapon but after this game im going through a wukongs staff phase😂
Yauguai in disguise confirmed
Cheeky monkey🤣🤣😎
Coolness at its best
Work smarter not harder
I'll get back in a day or two
Hahaha
Give him a raise
