I wanna ask for the people who beat the game how many hours did it take you? ================================================================================  评论列表:
I am not the best at this game so some bosses took me hours to beat. I explored alot, did all secret areas and missed only 2 or 3 bosses. 92 hours in and I am in the last chapter at the beginning. Haven’t had time in 10 days to play but I will probably be at 100 hours on first play through. track me How would you compare it to God of war or some other non souls like game? Imagine God of War, the first game, but the Valkyries are mandatory for progression. That's pretty much it. Or God of War with tons of bosses. 😂 Yeah solid comparison lol. Still get flashbacks from sigrun on ng+ gmgow I never did New game+ and I remember killing sig. I platinumed the game before New game plus was out. My question I guess is wouldn't New game+ have been easier? Don’t know if this affects it at all, I made the mistake of basing my ng+ runs on a ng+ run I had already done, which definitely made some parts feel harder. But that could be anecdotal, I honestly haven’t fought her in base ng yet so I can’t make that comparison. But I do know she wiped the floor with me for quite some time, so if she’s easier I shudder at the thought of her in a more challenging form The memories😭😭😭 It’s like God of War meets Dark Souls 1. I won’t spoil it but the first chapter even has bells you need to ring :) Game Science did a really good job creating a brand new experience without just being a straight up Souls ripoff like some games are. Next to the Elden Ring DLC, it’s my GOTY. The ending had me feeling more emotions then the ending of RD2. My cat got sick a few weeks ago and I was playing Black Myth Wukong during the whole ordeal, and the story and theme really helped me process my emotions as she passed on to her next adventure. When the last fight ended and the credits rolled I cried like a baby. This game was a godsend for me. I’m on my second run now and I’m gonna try to get the secret ending. To me, even with its flaws, it’s. 10/10 For me I would say 80% of the bosses are pushovers, but the 20% that are hard are very hard. I joked that either a boss would take me 1 attempt or 2 hours no in between lol The absolute hardest bosses are optional (Erlang, yellow loong, scorpion lord) but the game gives you a lot of tools to handle the challenges. But in short, most of the game isn’t too difficult but the parts that are are very difficult The game is easy until it's not.  Got it. Well, Erlang is kinda mandatory if you want the true ending. I’m on my way to platinum it. I have never had the desire to plat god of war or from soft games I played Gow 2018 and Ragnarok. Wukong is harder…more challenging but in a good way for me. I also played Gow on easier mode. I say this is god of war and elden ring having a child. Elements of both styles feel heavily present. I thought I was the only one ! I’m on chapter 2 thoigh
How would you compare it to God of war or some other non souls like game? Imagine God of War, the first game, but the Valkyries are mandatory for progression. That's pretty much it. Or God of War with tons of bosses. 😂 Yeah solid comparison lol. Still get flashbacks from sigrun on ng+ gmgow I never did New game+ and I remember killing sig. I platinumed the game before New game plus was out. My question I guess is wouldn't New game+ have been easier? Don’t know if this affects it at all, I made the mistake of basing my ng+ runs on a ng+ run I had already done, which definitely made some parts feel harder. But that could be anecdotal, I honestly haven’t fought her in base ng yet so I can’t make that comparison. But I do know she wiped the floor with me for quite some time, so if she’s easier I shudder at the thought of her in a more challenging form The memories😭😭😭 It’s like God of War meets Dark Souls 1. I won’t spoil it but the first chapter even has bells you need to ring :) Game Science did a really good job creating a brand new experience without just being a straight up Souls ripoff like some games are. Next to the Elden Ring DLC, it’s my GOTY. The ending had me feeling more emotions then the ending of RD2. My cat got sick a few weeks ago and I was playing Black Myth Wukong during the whole ordeal, and the story and theme really helped me process my emotions as she passed on to her next adventure. When the last fight ended and the credits rolled I cried like a baby. This game was a godsend for me. I’m on my second run now and I’m gonna try to get the secret ending. To me, even with its flaws, it’s. 10/10 For me I would say 80% of the bosses are pushovers, but the 20% that are hard are very hard. I joked that either a boss would take me 1 attempt or 2 hours no in between lol The absolute hardest bosses are optional (Erlang, yellow loong, scorpion lord) but the game gives you a lot of tools to handle the challenges. But in short, most of the game isn’t too difficult but the parts that are are very difficult The game is easy until it's not.  Got it. Well, Erlang is kinda mandatory if you want the true ending. I’m on my way to platinum it. I have never had the desire to plat god of war or from soft games I played Gow 2018 and Ragnarok. Wukong is harder…more challenging but in a good way for me. I also played Gow on easier mode. I say this is god of war and elden ring having a child. Elements of both styles feel heavily present.
Imagine God of War, the first game, but the Valkyries are mandatory for progression. That's pretty much it. Or God of War with tons of bosses. 😂 Yeah solid comparison lol. Still get flashbacks from sigrun on ng+ gmgow I never did New game+ and I remember killing sig. I platinumed the game before New game plus was out. My question I guess is wouldn't New game+ have been easier? Don’t know if this affects it at all, I made the mistake of basing my ng+ runs on a ng+ run I had already done, which definitely made some parts feel harder. But that could be anecdotal, I honestly haven’t fought her in base ng yet so I can’t make that comparison. But I do know she wiped the floor with me for quite some time, so if she’s easier I shudder at the thought of her in a more challenging form The memories😭😭😭
Or God of War with tons of bosses. 😂
Yeah solid comparison lol. Still get flashbacks from sigrun on ng+ gmgow I never did New game+ and I remember killing sig. I platinumed the game before New game plus was out. My question I guess is wouldn't New game+ have been easier? Don’t know if this affects it at all, I made the mistake of basing my ng+ runs on a ng+ run I had already done, which definitely made some parts feel harder. But that could be anecdotal, I honestly haven’t fought her in base ng yet so I can’t make that comparison. But I do know she wiped the floor with me for quite some time, so if she’s easier I shudder at the thought of her in a more challenging form The memories😭😭😭
I never did New game+ and I remember killing sig. I platinumed the game before New game plus was out. My question I guess is wouldn't New game+ have been easier? Don’t know if this affects it at all, I made the mistake of basing my ng+ runs on a ng+ run I had already done, which definitely made some parts feel harder. But that could be anecdotal, I honestly haven’t fought her in base ng yet so I can’t make that comparison. But I do know she wiped the floor with me for quite some time, so if she’s easier I shudder at the thought of her in a more challenging form
Don’t know if this affects it at all, I made the mistake of basing my ng+ runs on a ng+ run I had already done, which definitely made some parts feel harder. But that could be anecdotal, I honestly haven’t fought her in base ng yet so I can’t make that comparison. But I do know she wiped the floor with me for quite some time, so if she’s easier I shudder at the thought of her in a more challenging form
The memories😭😭😭
It’s like God of War meets Dark Souls 1. I won’t spoil it but the first chapter even has bells you need to ring :) Game Science did a really good job creating a brand new experience without just being a straight up Souls ripoff like some games are. Next to the Elden Ring DLC, it’s my GOTY. The ending had me feeling more emotions then the ending of RD2. My cat got sick a few weeks ago and I was playing Black Myth Wukong during the whole ordeal, and the story and theme really helped me process my emotions as she passed on to her next adventure. When the last fight ended and the credits rolled I cried like a baby. This game was a godsend for me. I’m on my second run now and I’m gonna try to get the secret ending. To me, even with its flaws, it’s. 10/10
For me I would say 80% of the bosses are pushovers, but the 20% that are hard are very hard. I joked that either a boss would take me 1 attempt or 2 hours no in between lol The absolute hardest bosses are optional (Erlang, yellow loong, scorpion lord) but the game gives you a lot of tools to handle the challenges. But in short, most of the game isn’t too difficult but the parts that are are very difficult The game is easy until it's not.  Got it. Well, Erlang is kinda mandatory if you want the true ending.
The game is easy until it's not.  Got it.
Well, Erlang is kinda mandatory if you want the true ending.
I’m on my way to platinum it. I have never had the desire to plat god of war or from soft games
I played Gow 2018 and Ragnarok. Wukong is harder…more challenging but in a good way for me. I also played Gow on easier mode.
I say this is god of war and elden ring having a child. Elements of both styles feel heavily present.
I thought I was the only one ! I’m on chapter 2 thoigh
U will meet the tree sentinel of this game soon!! (Wandering wight) Fuck that guy, I nearly gave up on the game because of him so I just skipped him Wait until u meet yellow wind sage Super easy with wind tamer GGs to the people that beat him without the wind tamer I didn't know about the secret area in that chapter and he was a nightmare without wind tamer, I was so happy when I beat him, only to learn from a friend he could've been much easier I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter Same!!!! "Super easy". Funny enough it took 4 hours to kill the big head ass hole first boss but took me 4 tries to kill yellow wind sage lol It took me a good 40 tries lol, my ps5 would drop frames every fight only for him though, and he’s the only boss I fought that did that
Fuck that guy, I nearly gave up on the game because of him so I just skipped him Wait until u meet yellow wind sage Super easy with wind tamer GGs to the people that beat him without the wind tamer I didn't know about the secret area in that chapter and he was a nightmare without wind tamer, I was so happy when I beat him, only to learn from a friend he could've been much easier I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter Same!!!! "Super easy". Funny enough it took 4 hours to kill the big head ass hole first boss but took me 4 tries to kill yellow wind sage lol It took me a good 40 tries lol, my ps5 would drop frames every fight only for him though, and he’s the only boss I fought that did that
Wait until u meet yellow wind sage Super easy with wind tamer GGs to the people that beat him without the wind tamer I didn't know about the secret area in that chapter and he was a nightmare without wind tamer, I was so happy when I beat him, only to learn from a friend he could've been much easier I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter Same!!!! "Super easy". Funny enough it took 4 hours to kill the big head ass hole first boss but took me 4 tries to kill yellow wind sage lol It took me a good 40 tries lol, my ps5 would drop frames every fight only for him though, and he’s the only boss I fought that did that
Super easy with wind tamer GGs to the people that beat him without the wind tamer I didn't know about the secret area in that chapter and he was a nightmare without wind tamer, I was so happy when I beat him, only to learn from a friend he could've been much easier I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter Same!!!! "Super easy".
GGs to the people that beat him without the wind tamer I didn't know about the secret area in that chapter and he was a nightmare without wind tamer, I was so happy when I beat him, only to learn from a friend he could've been much easier I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter Same!!!!
I didn't know about the secret area in that chapter and he was a nightmare without wind tamer, I was so happy when I beat him, only to learn from a friend he could've been much easier I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter Same!!!!
I was going at it for four hours straight and I gave up until I found the windtamer
Im now done with chapter 4 and I think I can say without spoilers that the secret areas seem to give key items that ate meant to help with the final boss of that chapter
Same!!!!
"Super easy".
Funny enough it took 4 hours to kill the big head ass hole first boss but took me 4 tries to kill yellow wind sage lol It took me a good 40 tries lol, my ps5 would drop frames every fight only for him though, and he’s the only boss I fought that did that
It took me a good 40 tries lol, my ps5 would drop frames every fight only for him though, and he’s the only boss I fought that did that
Around 60 hours for first play through. 20~30 hours for NG+. Worth every hour, as it is not simply a souls game. The level and skill progression will help you get through bosses if you struggle, don't hesitate to kill every mobs you see, especially on first 2 chapters. Also every skill point can be refunded for free so feel free to explore different playstyles that fit you best. I’d say NG+ is more 10-15 hours. You breeze through it. Super ez. I was trying to get back the stuffs i missed in the first playthrough as I didn't watch any guide. Apparently I was missing only one meditation spot and many curios that need to be farmed or missable collectible after beating certain boss like the lantern. Also tried to get all achievements in NG+ so I spent a little more time than just breezing through enemies. Those drops from plants is pain Ahh yeah I meant when you had farmed all these in first playthrough. Otherwise yeah NG+ takes longer to finish. I wish mobs respawned more. I liked leveling up and running back from the beginning, but a lot of enemies seemed to go missing as they were part of story or something. I was like, where'd they all go?
I’d say NG+ is more 10-15 hours. You breeze through it. Super ez. I was trying to get back the stuffs i missed in the first playthrough as I didn't watch any guide. Apparently I was missing only one meditation spot and many curios that need to be farmed or missable collectible after beating certain boss like the lantern. Also tried to get all achievements in NG+ so I spent a little more time than just breezing through enemies. Those drops from plants is pain Ahh yeah I meant when you had farmed all these in first playthrough. Otherwise yeah NG+ takes longer to finish.
I was trying to get back the stuffs i missed in the first playthrough as I didn't watch any guide. Apparently I was missing only one meditation spot and many curios that need to be farmed or missable collectible after beating certain boss like the lantern. Also tried to get all achievements in NG+ so I spent a little more time than just breezing through enemies. Those drops from plants is pain Ahh yeah I meant when you had farmed all these in first playthrough. Otherwise yeah NG+ takes longer to finish.
Ahh yeah I meant when you had farmed all these in first playthrough. Otherwise yeah NG+ takes longer to finish.
I wish mobs respawned more. I liked leveling up and running back from the beginning, but a lot of enemies seemed to go missing as they were part of story or something. I was like, where'd they all go?
I really envy you for having a brain that has never played wukong I'm at the stage where I see it when I close my eyes
I'm at the stage where I see it when I close my eyes
I bought it last week. About 50hrs in and I'm only On chapter 3
You won’t regret it great game some bosses are difficult like very 😭
Enjoy it,  this game might show you a fantastic gorgepus oriental fantasy world, so unique than any other games before.
Never too late to play this awesome game. Enjoy
Won’t be disappointed.
Enjoy!
Dude, I died so many times I stopped counting but I will say this… after you beat a boss you feel as if you’ve earned that win. It’s extremely rewarding. Also, approximately 70-80 hours.
Lol they tried to call the game linear but everywhere I turn I keep finding new things to discover and upgrade I thought the areas were super confusing haha indeed. They barely did anything on guiding you through Ive had multiple ocasions where i had to look up where to go 🤣
I thought the areas were super confusing haha indeed. They barely did anything on guiding you through Ive had multiple ocasions where i had to look up where to go 🤣
indeed. They barely did anything on guiding you through Ive had multiple ocasions where i had to look up where to go 🤣
Ive had multiple ocasions where i had to look up where to go 🤣
Enjoy, your in for a treat
If you do absolutely everything, all the secrets and bosses and explore all areas fully then it should take about 50 - 60 hours.
Enjoy and good luck. Some bosses can get a little tough, but none feel too impossible. A great story paired with a really good progression system, you’ll really have fun with this
64 hours
enjoy!! it took me around 30hours 'cause i get stucked in some bosses, depend on ur ability Then you missed a lot and haven’t explored fully. Game should take about 50 hours.
Then you missed a lot and haven’t explored fully. Game should take about 50 hours.
Don’t forget to explore. Exploration and side quests open up so many hidden bosses.
You lucky mfr! You are in for a treat
Ranging from 30-80 depending if you want completion trophy.
You are not too late. I still haven't bought the game.
86 hours with full exploration, every item, and all secret bosses. And now I'm on NG+. Have fun! It's an incredible game! Just a heads up, there will be times that you feel Ike putting your head through a wall or that a particular boss is just not at all possible, but I promise it is worth it and those bosses are beatable. Do not hesitate to youtube some answers or boss specific strategies and armor/skill tree builds. Specifically Legacy Gaming for secrets and level walkthroughs and Schrwags for boss strategies.
Don’t think it’s possible to be late on the Wukong hype. The game is amazing now or a year from now at least the first couples play through.
game is just means to the ends for this Art
Yea almost gave up at yellow wind sage. And then u realize there r more challenging bosses ahead. Y did I even start lol. But the graphics is so worth it
The main character is speechless, poor story progression, reminds me of Ninja Gaiden meets God of war graphics but the story of blah. Game play is fun and challenging but really no back ground base concept.
Game is ok at best. Not worth the hype that ppl bring to the table.
用户已删除评论 trying metal gear rising revengence figured it would be good on the ally. echoes of wisdom is also shaping up to be a banger! astrobot also Got platinum and trying to figure out what game to play next. Still haven’t jumped into anything else yet. I’m on PS5 so Wukong and Stellar Blade have been my two highlights this year.
trying metal gear rising revengence figured it would be good on the ally. echoes of wisdom is also shaping up to be a banger! astrobot also
Got platinum and trying to figure out what game to play next. Still haven’t jumped into anything else yet. I’m on PS5 so Wukong and Stellar Blade have been my two highlights this year.
"It is never too late to abandon humanity and embrace monke" Sun TzuKong, 2024, probably
The good news is you have a full sub of experts who beat the game a few times and got 100% achievements.  So there is not a quest we do not know.  Feel free to ask questions whenever you need help.
60
Destiny awaits Monke!!
Welcome to the gang
It's never too late 4 a masterpiece
用户已删除评论
BECOME MONKE
Dopamine train is arriving my friend
Never too late.
Platinum at 126 hours
I bought it last weekend and after a week i’m on chapter 4…. I guess another week to beat it.
Take your time monke brother, I have been playing since day one and still haven’t finished my first play through while some are on their 5th or higher. This game is a journey that can only be measured by our own merit rather than that of others
It’s wise to get it a bit later, so you can get know other players feedback and then decide to play or not. I’m spent like 100 hrs for first play through with all secret ones, and both good and bad ending. Average is about 50 hrs
Return to monkee
Money spent well
Got to wait till Xmas to get mine. Enjoy
If you can, wait for a update so they can fix the input lag
fresh exp, enjoy this masterpiece
About 48 hours first playthrough, 60ish for 100%
You will soon realise wandering wight more like “wondering why” .. 💀
I got through my first run in about a week. If you’ve got some experience with souls, sekiro, god of war, or really anything in that category you’ll be aight. There’s a couple bosses that were just plain broken but like 98% of the game is solid, have fun!
版主已移除评论
OP, my advice no matter how hard it gets, persevere.
It's worth the hype
I totally forgot I had this. I got to the snake boi man, got annoyed, had a break and haven't been back on it since. Some tips would be awesome. Ice recently discovered diablo 4 on xbox though so I'm currently whoring that.
Love the game but one bad thing that no one is saying is that my game froze 4 times already and I'm at chapter 4 only. Everytime you need to close and restart the game. I have the og ps5 and playing at balanced settings.
Enjoy man! This game is so unbelievably tough so I wish you good luck too.
Most overhyped sheet of a game.
This fight is gonna be the most fun if you do not use a certain item.
Yellow wind sage will make you cry. You have been warned
Enjoy the journey, remember to take a break!
Good decision. Game is difficult. Take your time. Still on third chapter myself.
Great decision, hope you enjoy it
Just bought the game for my partner on ps5, whom wanted it after he saw me playing on pc. Doenst have a cleu it's installed until he comes home today lol.
Enjoy the beautiful game
Congrats
hope you dont have prior engagements you are about to be consumed!
Get ready to get angry
Just beat it today and took me 46 hours. Explored all areas including the secret ones. Beat all bosses and got the true ending. Chapter 3 and 4 are longest in terms of length.
Congratulations and all the best!!
I just got it as well! Enjoy man
Your gonna enjoy this game trust me, I just platinum the game on my second run
Honestly bro just play and enjoy the game don’t rush through it just for completion
I will meet the final BOSS soon
Let the frustration begin.
Get ready buddy your patience is about to be tested best of luck to you and remember if your in the middle of a boss fight thinking wow this guy is really hard … is only chapter 1
First play through still and I’m on the secret boss and logged 80hrs. Quick tip for the first chapter: beat Wondering Wight before you beat the secret boss in chapter 1 and final boss. He will despawn and won’t come back until NG+. He drops really good stuff I missed having.
Good luck warrior!! I have 45 hours on the game and I've heard mixed experiences all around. Some people take 5 hours on 1 boss and some people clear it first try. I believe I was ahead of my friends because a lot of the bosses they struggled with I cleared fairly easy except 1 boss(everyone that beat the game knows who i'm referring to). Regardless don't compare yourself to others in their time to beat the game, everyone's experience is different. Take your time and have fun.
Well my homie you gonna quit and then get back in and then quit and then get back in when you face each boss but you will like this game
Well i have miss a lot of bosses specially in chapter 3 and 4 even tho i explored a lot but some bosses will take hours to beat for me so for now im at 65 hours of my first run and i just arrived to chapter 5, what i love about the game is that you can breeze from some bosses and get extremely comfident and then land on an ass hole thats gonna take you 3 or 4 hours to kill and you will be biting the curve all the time until you finally kill him lol my experience have been 1 or 3 tries for 70% of bosses but the 30% left are brutal
Congrats. The joy when it happens. Came suddenly to me too. Like jus kept dodging and hitting then it was all over. Great game design
First and last rule: never give up,be patient
62 hrs
It's never too late!
Never really started/play through elding ring but from the start it makes you build a character and do a tutorial but wukong is like here go be a monkey and fight
I am very slow, I’m doing all the secret areas + bosses + secret quests, I’m about 60+ hours in still on my first play through, currently I’m in chapter 4, chilling on the Purple cloud mountain
Hurray
Never too late to play a good game. Also play length depends on your exploration. My playthrough was about 40-45 hours
60h for platinum trophy.I did it pretty quick
Enjoy brother I’ve had the game since launch and I’m still in chapter 3 because I’m taking it slow and haven’t had much time to play consistently. Really enjoying it tho.
behold joy therefore time for pain
Took me 70 hours for first playthrough but I was doing all the secrets and exploring then I got the platinum at 90
The game comes with bonus features LIKE STRESS LEVEL OVER 99999999999
I could finish elden ring still but beat this game really easy…erlang was the hardest took me about 15 times the rest was first try 80% of them. Loved the game. Now to finish elden ring 🤦🏽‍♂️
This game rules. All I have left is secret final boss then final boss 😬
You aint late. I fully expect the game to hit huge numbers again over the Christmas season
Sorry, I know this game got rave reviews and when my son sent me the preview I bought it in an instance. Maybe I’m just old but when I got to the white wolf and it destroyed me in a second, even though I bought the deluxe edition with the upgraded weapon and armor I was just done. I did battle him quite a few times. I ended up just given up and haven’t played in like a month. I forget when I bought it. Even worse is I bought it digitally so I can’t even resell it. Oh well o guess
It’s never too late for this game. I’m only in chapter 4 (1st run). Haven’t had much time to play but when I do I’m exploring and trying not to miss anything. Yellow loong and Scorpionlord gave me a run for my money a for a couple of days.
Any mf that got yellow in there name trust you will hate them
ONE OF US ONE OF US
Have some fun man! And do all of the side quests and side bosses that u can. Ur gonna need the items and unlocks you get from them they are CRUCIAL. But it is so much fun to explore and master this absolute banger
Same! I wrote this game off as too difficult to play after watching so many youtubers and tiktokers fight the same boss for hours lol. After playing it for a few hours I'm pretty decent and am starting to like the souls-like genre. This is my first real attempt at this genre. The only boss so far to kill me more than 20x's was the huge big head guy at the beginning of the game. I know some people say you can skip him, but hell no, I was determined!
You are gonna have a blast brother!!!!
Welcome and enjoy one hell of a ride to what may truly be a GOTY contender.
Good luck. That's all I'ma say 🤣
If I have any advice is don’t ring the third bell until you have beaten the big baby statue thing!!
Enjoy its my GOTY
Have fun. Keep us updated.
You're never late if it's a Damn Good game!!! 😉❤️
Just dodge dodge dodge, if you can dodge a wrench you can dodge Wukong bosses.
Can’t get past the first guy that holds a rosary and I’m so pissed. Right at the beginning of the game lol. Hellppppp
bruh, here's a tip... GRIND LIKE A MOTHER FUCKER! The second i saw the word "cultivate" in the loading screen I knew it was a grinding battle. I recommend grinding 25 lvls on each chapter for the best boss fighting. Some are just skill based but Grinding helps a lot
Enjoy it!! You will have frustrations, but honestly every time I've faced a boss a few times and can't beat them, I'll find a YT video with tips and either beat them the first or second try afterwards. It's a lot of fun, and there are videos highlighting the secrets in each chapter, I would recommend playing through a lot of the chapter freely, but as you sense you're getting close to the end, watch one of those videos, because there are some Insanely helpful things you can find/get, but are very easy to miss.
Has it even been that long
Such a wonderful game. Main flaw is the invisible walls.  Lies of P is totally linear yet no invis walls.
best experience is on kb and mouse not gamepad because of latency issue
Hope you are having fun. I’ve been playing a few weeks (probably 40-45 hours) and still only about halfway. Definitely my favorite game from this gen.
You won’t regret it
Hell yeah, man! It’s a good time to start because there’s a wealth of information out there to keep you from missing all the secret stuff and of course boss guides, build guides, tier lists, etc.
I just started streaming this over the weekend, what an awesome game!! Very demanding on your PC.  I have a pretty good rig and can only run on medium settings to keep decent fps.  Still looks gorgeous!! Enjoy your purchase!
Game is not that good
In later chapters I recommend using a guide so you don’t miss optional bosses and other secrets. The action in the game is amazing but the map design/ exploration is… yikes.
Wandering Wight is an ass 😂😂😂💀
Enjoy! I had a blast playing the game, combat was really fun for me
Better late than never Enjoy
This is the BEST GAME EVER for me. Can someone smack me in the head with a hammer so that i can lose some memory so that i can again play this game as new?
I just got to Chapter 4 and I'm at around 23 hours? I'm assuming like 60?
I thought I was finally getting the hang of this game, then I met Yin Tiger. Holy shit I am NOT good at this 😂
Enjoy the but kicking
Fuck yeah. Have fun raging but also actually have fun cause I love this game. It's beautiful and honestly one of the best games I've ever played
never too late to play a good single player game my dude. ive been playing since launch day and havent beaten it yet. its my weekend relaxation game.
This is the way
I’m an average gamer and I’m taking my time with it. It says I have 56 hours and I just finished chapter 5.
this game took me around 45 hours to complete while being able to almost 100% it (i missed two of the secret areas but im on new game+ to get the platinum). to be fair though, i enjoy going into boss fights a little under-leveled for the masochistic failure
This is the first game like this thst I felt comfortable enough to take on. Explore all the things. If you get stuck in a boss go do other stuff and go back when you feel more comfortable many are optional, I personally will check YT for things I missed in chapters once I'm at the final bosses or strats on how to beat certain bosses if I am at my limit. It's a fun and challenging game. You will get through it.
Never too late
If you want to 100% the game, plan on using a guide. There's lots of easy to miss stuff that you can lock yourself out of. If you just want to play and be in the moment, raw dogging it is still very enjoyable too.
版主已移除评论
Oh it’s well worth the hype…and better late than never 😅
You should have wait physical edition
Same bro. Into chapter 3 now and the snow messes up my sense up direction 😂 I have so many more upgrades...so I'm hoping the game is longer than I think it is bc I gotta get them all yoh
Welcome brother
Just complete erlang and five gods. I’m feeling so over powered rn
Good luck. Get ready for alot of Anger and dying... there's also fun too
Good luck have fun
The game is really good. Took me 40 hours first time around but I had to use a guide to find like half the bosses since a lot of them are secret.
About 10 hours in. Stuck on the water guy that turns into a snake. Never have enough heals for the 2nd phase. I suck at games tho lol
Better buy an extra controller or two in case you throw it against the wall
I beat the game in 64 hours.
Dont worry bro, i bought it on release day and still havent completed it. My advice is accept you are going to die. Loads.
版主已移除评论
Never too late!! I'm on chapter 2. I bought it last week
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: iAbc21 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-23T21:54:50.707000+0000 内容: have fun and take your time ☺️
Monkeys together
I beat the game with true ending in 47 hours but you could probably do it in less. This is with defeating all the bosses including secret ones and also getting all secret items.
