So honest take on this game it did what it was supposed to and I did have fun with this game but man I WILL NOT PLAY THIS GAME AGAIN mf I wanted to rage quit this game so many times but I endure and and over came everything but over all happy I got to experience an awesome son wukong game ================================================================================  评论列表:
NG+ is easy, and your chance for revenge. Very satisfying😂 track me Man don’t tempt me I don’t wanna go back 😂😂😂 Its know as the revenge tour. You'll hardly die at all Is really way easier but I can’t say this until I get to Erlang I felt like I was fighting that mf a 100 times that’s how hard he was to beat 😂😤😤😤 I easily fought him 100 times in ng and then FINALLY won. Ng+ was first try and now on ng++ I just replay him on the rivals menu for giggles. Your revenge tour on ng+ will just be a slaughter fest. I’m on him right now be prepared I lost every match I’m currently on chapter 5, but good luck It’s honestly so easy that it’s the perfect time to play around with alternate armor and spell combos He's not wrong, I'm finding NG+ so easy that it's almost boring. Have not died once and just cleared through Chapter 3 in about 4 hours total. NG+ and NG++ are super easy. The few times I’ve died is due to not paying attention to my health. At least when it came to every boss except Erlang and Great Sage. They still hit like a truck. I wanted to fill out my relics so currently in NG++. This is the way. Sweet, sweet revenge. It’s so satisfying to toy with all the bosses that ruined you on the first run He’s right you’re so overpowered in ng+, especially if your using wukongs armor paired with the relic perk that lets your clones do heavy attacks with you Yeah, NG+ is so easy, I'm finishing one chapter per day and with alternate builds and armors. It's fun to play around with spell binder or rock solid, I didn't even try them on my first run Is Erlang easier in NG+? Yes, everyone is easier I find Broken Shell to be more difficult though Do the ai’s get harder or stay the same?
Man don’t tempt me I don’t wanna go back 😂😂😂 Its know as the revenge tour. You'll hardly die at all Is really way easier but I can’t say this until I get to Erlang I felt like I was fighting that mf a 100 times that’s how hard he was to beat 😂😤😤😤 I easily fought him 100 times in ng and then FINALLY won. Ng+ was first try and now on ng++ I just replay him on the rivals menu for giggles. Your revenge tour on ng+ will just be a slaughter fest. I’m on him right now be prepared I lost every match I’m currently on chapter 5, but good luck It’s honestly so easy that it’s the perfect time to play around with alternate armor and spell combos He's not wrong, I'm finding NG+ so easy that it's almost boring. Have not died once and just cleared through Chapter 3 in about 4 hours total. NG+ and NG++ are super easy. The few times I’ve died is due to not paying attention to my health. At least when it came to every boss except Erlang and Great Sage. They still hit like a truck. I wanted to fill out my relics so currently in NG++. This is the way. Sweet, sweet revenge. It’s so satisfying to toy with all the bosses that ruined you on the first run He’s right you’re so overpowered in ng+, especially if your using wukongs armor paired with the relic perk that lets your clones do heavy attacks with you Yeah, NG+ is so easy, I'm finishing one chapter per day and with alternate builds and armors. It's fun to play around with spell binder or rock solid, I didn't even try them on my first run
Its know as the revenge tour. You'll hardly die at all
Is really way easier but I can’t say this until I get to Erlang I felt like I was fighting that mf a 100 times that’s how hard he was to beat 😂😤😤😤 I easily fought him 100 times in ng and then FINALLY won. Ng+ was first try and now on ng++ I just replay him on the rivals menu for giggles. Your revenge tour on ng+ will just be a slaughter fest. I’m on him right now be prepared I lost every match I’m currently on chapter 5, but good luck
I felt like I was fighting that mf a 100 times that’s how hard he was to beat 😂😤😤😤 I easily fought him 100 times in ng and then FINALLY won. Ng+ was first try and now on ng++ I just replay him on the rivals menu for giggles. Your revenge tour on ng+ will just be a slaughter fest.
I easily fought him 100 times in ng and then FINALLY won. Ng+ was first try and now on ng++ I just replay him on the rivals menu for giggles. Your revenge tour on ng+ will just be a slaughter fest.
I’m on him right now be prepared I lost every match I’m currently on chapter 5, but good luck
I’m currently on chapter 5, but good luck
It’s honestly so easy that it’s the perfect time to play around with alternate armor and spell combos
He's not wrong, I'm finding NG+ so easy that it's almost boring. Have not died once and just cleared through Chapter 3 in about 4 hours total.
NG+ and NG++ are super easy. The few times I’ve died is due to not paying attention to my health. At least when it came to every boss except Erlang and Great Sage. They still hit like a truck. I wanted to fill out my relics so currently in NG++.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Damn_Censorship 点赞: 1 时间: 2025-02-13T18:36:16.132000+0000 内容: This is the way. Sweet, sweet revenge. It’s so satisfying to toy with all the bosses that ruined you on the first run
He’s right you’re so overpowered in ng+, especially if your using wukongs armor paired with the relic perk that lets your clones do heavy attacks with you
Yeah, NG+ is so easy, I'm finishing one chapter per day and with alternate builds and armors. It's fun to play around with spell binder or rock solid, I didn't even try them on my first run
Is Erlang easier in NG+? Yes, everyone is easier
Yes, everyone is easier
I find Broken Shell to be more difficult though
Do the ai’s get harder or stay the same?
Am I missing something, how did it take you a year to beat a game that hasn't even been out for 7 months? Not trying to be an ass just curious what I'm missing here. Bro I was having a meltdown here, "No way its been a year! I'll be dead before I know it". Well for starters frustration,lack of strategy,lack of thinking skills,also time management issues and boredom I can’t think of anything else oh hold on lack of patience I think that’s the gist of why in that ballpark No as in how did you take a year for a game that hasn't been out for a year Wait it hasn’t been out a year ? Wow for some reason it felt like that tho Yeah it came out in August I'm pretty sure Ppl on this sub like to down vote when you hit a nerve or for being TOO LITERAL lol yeah the game is mid you took breaks I know it felt that long bc the long arduous journey. go play some kingdom come 2 and get lost in the story of another GRAND ADVENTURE The other two people are correct. The game was released mid August.m, i.e., less than 7 months ago, so unless you received a copy 5 months before anyone else, it did not in fact take you a year to beat. Yeah why I said it felt that way but thank you all for Reiterating that He’s saying it hasn’t even been out for a year so this is impossible.
Bro I was having a meltdown here, "No way its been a year! I'll be dead before I know it".
Well for starters frustration,lack of strategy,lack of thinking skills,also time management issues and boredom I can’t think of anything else oh hold on lack of patience I think that’s the gist of why in that ballpark No as in how did you take a year for a game that hasn't been out for a year Wait it hasn’t been out a year ? Wow for some reason it felt like that tho Yeah it came out in August I'm pretty sure Ppl on this sub like to down vote when you hit a nerve or for being TOO LITERAL lol yeah the game is mid you took breaks I know it felt that long bc the long arduous journey. go play some kingdom come 2 and get lost in the story of another GRAND ADVENTURE The other two people are correct. The game was released mid August.m, i.e., less than 7 months ago, so unless you received a copy 5 months before anyone else, it did not in fact take you a year to beat. Yeah why I said it felt that way but thank you all for Reiterating that He’s saying it hasn’t even been out for a year so this is impossible.
No as in how did you take a year for a game that hasn't been out for a year Wait it hasn’t been out a year ? Wow for some reason it felt like that tho Yeah it came out in August I'm pretty sure Ppl on this sub like to down vote when you hit a nerve or for being TOO LITERAL lol yeah the game is mid you took breaks I know it felt that long bc the long arduous journey. go play some kingdom come 2 and get lost in the story of another GRAND ADVENTURE
Wait it hasn’t been out a year ? Wow for some reason it felt like that tho Yeah it came out in August I'm pretty sure Ppl on this sub like to down vote when you hit a nerve or for being TOO LITERAL lol yeah the game is mid you took breaks I know it felt that long bc the long arduous journey. go play some kingdom come 2 and get lost in the story of another GRAND ADVENTURE
Yeah it came out in August I'm pretty sure
Ppl on this sub like to down vote when you hit a nerve or for being TOO LITERAL lol yeah the game is mid you took breaks I know it felt that long bc the long arduous journey. go play some kingdom come 2 and get lost in the story of another GRAND ADVENTURE
The other two people are correct. The game was released mid August.m, i.e., less than 7 months ago, so unless you received a copy 5 months before anyone else, it did not in fact take you a year to beat. Yeah why I said it felt that way but thank you all for Reiterating that
Yeah why I said it felt that way but thank you all for Reiterating that
He’s saying it hasn’t even been out for a year so this is impossible.
Didn't the game launch 6 momths ago bro 💀
Homie got wrecked so hard it messed with the fabric of space time to make it a year. Recked so many times
Recked so many times
NG+ makes it worth it. I posted about how this game was overrated, but on my first NG I can finally see why people enjoy it
I died to Yellow Loong 199 times before I beat him my first play. I'm now on play 22. It really gets easier, plus as others said, NG+1 is your chance to torture them like they tortured you. I found Yellow Loong wasn’t too difficult, I beat him after about 10 times, but was consistently getting him to under a quarter health after the second attempt. The biggest issue I had was adjusting to his moveset change mid fight, after that I found him really easy to beat. What is it people find difficult about him?
I found Yellow Loong wasn’t too difficult, I beat him after about 10 times, but was consistently getting him to under a quarter health after the second attempt. The biggest issue I had was adjusting to his moveset change mid fight, after that I found him really easy to beat. What is it people find difficult about him?
A year? Came out last August bro
The game has only been out for like 6 months lol
lol it hasn’t been a year Lol dude was exaggerating leave him alone
Lol dude was exaggerating leave him alone
It wasn’t hard
I've been playing this game for two years now. 2024 and 2025 ahhh post
Yes! I haven’t finished it yet but how you describe your experience, is what I’m feeling now. I want to rage quit right now but I just can’t let it beat me. But whenever I beat this game, I will be like Thanos after getting the fifth stone! 😂 Well if you don’t mind me asking what part are you on right now in the game ?
Well if you don’t mind me asking what part are you on right now in the game ?
Bro solved time travel
It’s been out for 6 months
The game hasn't been out for a year
Lie
Is it already August 2025? Did I get stuck in the past? My calendar says today is February 13th, 2025.
The game came out six months not a year ago
That sounds like me I bought the game when it first came out in August I’m on Erlong right now it is difficult
For your health, never try any fromsoftware game
A year is crazy
Congratulations.. now go n start NG+. You'll be able to sate all your frustrations on almost all of the bosses, save for GSBS. His second phase is still a bit tough.
I can atest i beat the game recently and started new game plus to whip that big blue babies ass. And proceeded Robert chapter 1 in 30 min
The math ain't mathing at all...
A year?  Wow that’s crazy because the game launched in August of 2024. Yes everyone in the comments is legit on me about that right now it just felt that way cuz how time consuming it was
Yes everyone in the comments is legit on me about that right now it just felt that way cuz how time consuming it was
I played the game 3 times to buff up my character for the dlcs and get the Wukong Stance
Congrats, what was hard for you? Personally I found the game to be a bit too easy, but I went into it expecting a sort of souls-like difficulty Only erlang took me some time
Didnt it come out in August? I am just on the last two bosses - Great Sage and Erlang. I am shit but I dont give up
Homie new game plus is really easy. And if you're worried about Erlang, just use the Bull armor and he's easy too
I finished it in a month give or take a few days was hard but grinded it out, and yeah ng+ is verrryyy easy but i feel like thats because i know the mechanics of the game now plus u start with all ur shit lol im just trying to get new weapons and armor now
I quit because I am playing on a steam deck and while I can usually get a steady 30, it doesn't look great. However, single player Ghost of Tsushima works flawlessly so that has been my go-to game for now.
The game's sound design I heard in YouTube videos impressed me so well I delayed getting the game until I got my new $3000 Elysian Annihilator earphpne I was saving up for. The game sounds so awesome auditorily. Makes souls games look and sound poor in comparison but that's not a high bar, and it even runs at above 60 FPS. Swell game. Haven't played much yet.
There are still thing to obtain until NG++ Just saying. I don't consider one play through as "finished"
Is it as hard as Elden ring?? Definitely easier than elden ring.
Definitely easier than elden ring.
I know the feeling, got my ass whooped and handed to me endlessly. But now I’m on NG+ and boy do these mfs look like a walk in the park. Being able to beat them at the first attempt every time is soul satisfying Take a break and do a speed run on NG+ just for fun
Took me 2 weeks to reach erlang shen
Man you’re missing out on the revenge tour in NG+
I love a lot of it, it's great, visually, the actual lore that I got into after it, but I think ff7remake beats it in story,  visuals, sound, the characters. It's hard to beat a legend of gaming tho. As for BMW I think that is best Chinese game ever made and they will get better
The game came out last august.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/tashi0798_YT , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/tashi0798_YT , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Really, I melted down the game in 2 weeks.. 🤬
That’s how I felt after Sekiro. Never clicked.
It's only half a year since it released.
I also lost motiviation in chapter 3 at launch. Came back last month and finished it, glad I did.
Wait didn’t the game only come out august 2024
Bro just came here to farm karma with lies. How the fuck you been stuck for a year when the game is only out for six months? What pleasure do you get out of blatantly lying and making a fool out of yourself? I swear sometimes this sub feels like a place where people just try to farm karma. The amount of "guys, I did it! I finally beat him!" posts I've seen is unreal. Feels like Reddit kindergarten sometimes fr.
Gotta finish it 3x to get the full relic abilities
I feel you OP, I've been stuck in the Erlang fight for three weeks now. Keep getting him to 5-10% hp abd then I die. It's frustrating 😂
You just got to the best part and you talmbout you don't wanna play again. Crazy. Get back in there and see what you're missing!
What were your top 5 hardest bosses
Crazy it took me less than a month starting the game from new and new game+ has taken me less than 4 days to get to flaming mountain
Took me about 6 months and so many heart attacks. BUT THEY AINT LYING NG+ is so much better and insane. You will blast through chapters like only the true Sun Wukong can. I’m on NG++ now, chapter 4. Probably be my last until any DLC. Best game I’ve ever played. Do it!!!!!
Game just recently came out few months ago. You from the future?
Now go for NG+ and beat the living shit out pf everyone 😂😂
I'm still stuck on the final boss
A year?
it was my first souls game...took me about 60 hours of playtime to beat it with all endings. Admittedly, i have an amazing laptop but i still dont see how this game could take that long to beat.
I'm on NG+++, and at the Stone Monkey fight.   Once Stone Monkey, and the Broken Shell get bitch slapped by Jingubang, I'll have the Wukong Stance for the DLC's that are forthcoming.  Good job on beating the game bro.
Do it after all its the satisfaction run/revenge run super easy
I am on part 2 trying to beat the Rat King. Yeah he one of the easy bosses
Yeah he one of the easy bosses
