================================================================================  评论列表:
Advise, Smoke that thing BEFORE you go after the boss, Thank me later. track me I’ll thank you now lol My man, have fun! It's true. I have done extensive research.
I’ll thank you now lol My man, have fun!
lol My man, have fun!
It's true. I have done extensive research.
Either that or they just 1 shot you 🤣😭😭😭
at least bosses don't input read like in ER. they are just insanely aggressive Pretty sure they do input read to some extent, if I want to die and restart a boss quicker I throw out a light attack and they immediately respond. It's not as bad as Eldenring or some DS3 bosses, but it's still there a little. Pretty sure Tiger Vanguard does, hits after your second combo hit. damn Tiger V!  took me over 40x at lvl 29 to beat He also always responds if you try to charge a heavy attack. Man he was such a great boss. Yea, Yellow Dragon if you don’t attack and keep a distance he gives you a lot of time. And this actually makes charging heavy hit and run somewhat a usable strategy. Yeah it has to be..specifically I'm thinking of the monks in the thunderclap temple. They're straight chilling until I let go of the heavy and they gutshot me every time. Is it confirmed bosses don't input read?  I can swear that whenever I charge up a heavy attack they immediately jump on me. I noticed this but when I try to hit them. For example if they are finishing a combo (but still doing the animation) and I'm going all in with +3 charged attack, the boss just get Ultra Instinct mode and go to the other corner of the room in less than my attack's animation has finished. So the only thing I have found out to work, stun aside, is when he is starting a combo which doesn't interrupt my action (or not most of them) tank some dmg and let them take the sweet BONK!. Every single time I went to do thrust heavy attack on the tiger bastard, he retreats at the right moment. Yup, noticed that with a lot of the bosses if I tried to time something into the end of their combo they either instantly dodge OR in the case of the black bear he would instantly attack, sometimes even clipping weirdly out of his old animation Yes. They react to specific things you do like using the gourd, transforming and even the cloud step. Like saying: "Not even try buddy. I already know that trick" Which is fine. But some of them do some dumb looking things where they twist and move in odd ways that don't look right when you pay attention. Some of them input read for specific things. Like yellow Loong will stop whatever he is doing to counter your combo attacks. Tiger blacksmith will stop his swing and shoulder charge you. It's not very bad though as they usually are just slight counters to certain attacks and not punishes that do lots of damage. You can actually abuse yellow Loong since if you try to do the smash stance counter attack, you'll end up parrying and he'll stop his combo mid way. In fact, that's one of the ways to fight him post half 50% of his HP is by interrupting his unusually long spear combos by forcing him to parry. Also if you stand still with some distance and not too long.. you can charge up to 2 circles of heavy and bonk him. The strat is to force him to end his long spear combos with a forced parry... Step back and then charge up a 2 circle heavy If you are far enough away hell just look at you, you can charge up to level 3 pretty easily I mean that's not input reading, that's responding to what the player is doing. While yes it is probably achieved by the boss AI reading the input you're doing, in a literal sense, when we say "input reading" we mean things like enemies in Elden Ring dodging when you press attack even if they're well out of range of the attack. No I have realized on certain bosses they do react to your input. But I want to say tho, their reaction is somewhat delayed compared to Elden Ring, for example Godskin Apostle throws the flame the moment you PRESS the flask button. But in this game some have a slight delay. My anecdote is the Yin Tiger, if you go attack him, or cast your clone in the beginning, he always blocks with his sword. But when I change in pillar stance and start charging heavy, he goes goes invisible and uses the grab attack. I can still hit him if I don’t charge tho. You can certainly try this and I’m 99% sure you will experience the same thing Some bosses definitely do. There’s one boss who’s a dragon possessing a human body. Every time you try a square, square, triangle combo (literally just forgot what they where called) he deflects it. They definitely do input read. Great Sage has literally cut scenes where he steals ur flask. He dodges ur attacks as well. Erlan also dodges your attacks There's definitely input read in the game. Just try doing a smash stance varied combo on "Yellow Loong" he'll parry the fuck outta you 90% of the time 😭 Meanwhile, Erlang Shen in Secret Chapter : Hold my Doggo 🐕 They input read worse than street fighter 2 what are you talking about? Oh they absolutely do - and it’s pretty obvious on later bosses. idk man whenever id throw my charged attacks on the tiger hed stone himself in place to parry they 100000 percent input read Fallen Loong definitely input reads. They do actually. Check out my last post.
Pretty sure they do input read to some extent, if I want to die and restart a boss quicker I throw out a light attack and they immediately respond. It's not as bad as Eldenring or some DS3 bosses, but it's still there a little. Pretty sure Tiger Vanguard does, hits after your second combo hit. damn Tiger V!  took me over 40x at lvl 29 to beat He also always responds if you try to charge a heavy attack. Man he was such a great boss. Yea, Yellow Dragon if you don’t attack and keep a distance he gives you a lot of time. And this actually makes charging heavy hit and run somewhat a usable strategy. Yeah it has to be..specifically I'm thinking of the monks in the thunderclap temple. They're straight chilling until I let go of the heavy and they gutshot me every time.
Pretty sure Tiger Vanguard does, hits after your second combo hit. damn Tiger V!  took me over 40x at lvl 29 to beat He also always responds if you try to charge a heavy attack. Man he was such a great boss.
damn Tiger V!  took me over 40x at lvl 29 to beat
He also always responds if you try to charge a heavy attack. Man he was such a great boss.
Man he was such a great boss.
Yea, Yellow Dragon if you don’t attack and keep a distance he gives you a lot of time. And this actually makes charging heavy hit and run somewhat a usable strategy.
Yeah it has to be..specifically I'm thinking of the monks in the thunderclap temple. They're straight chilling until I let go of the heavy and they gutshot me every time.
Is it confirmed bosses don't input read?  I can swear that whenever I charge up a heavy attack they immediately jump on me. I noticed this but when I try to hit them. For example if they are finishing a combo (but still doing the animation) and I'm going all in with +3 charged attack, the boss just get Ultra Instinct mode and go to the other corner of the room in less than my attack's animation has finished. So the only thing I have found out to work, stun aside, is when he is starting a combo which doesn't interrupt my action (or not most of them) tank some dmg and let them take the sweet BONK!. Every single time I went to do thrust heavy attack on the tiger bastard, he retreats at the right moment. Yup, noticed that with a lot of the bosses if I tried to time something into the end of their combo they either instantly dodge OR in the case of the black bear he would instantly attack, sometimes even clipping weirdly out of his old animation Yes. They react to specific things you do like using the gourd, transforming and even the cloud step. Like saying: "Not even try buddy. I already know that trick" Which is fine. But some of them do some dumb looking things where they twist and move in odd ways that don't look right when you pay attention. Some of them input read for specific things. Like yellow Loong will stop whatever he is doing to counter your combo attacks. Tiger blacksmith will stop his swing and shoulder charge you. It's not very bad though as they usually are just slight counters to certain attacks and not punishes that do lots of damage. You can actually abuse yellow Loong since if you try to do the smash stance counter attack, you'll end up parrying and he'll stop his combo mid way. In fact, that's one of the ways to fight him post half 50% of his HP is by interrupting his unusually long spear combos by forcing him to parry. Also if you stand still with some distance and not too long.. you can charge up to 2 circles of heavy and bonk him. The strat is to force him to end his long spear combos with a forced parry... Step back and then charge up a 2 circle heavy If you are far enough away hell just look at you, you can charge up to level 3 pretty easily I mean that's not input reading, that's responding to what the player is doing. While yes it is probably achieved by the boss AI reading the input you're doing, in a literal sense, when we say "input reading" we mean things like enemies in Elden Ring dodging when you press attack even if they're well out of range of the attack. No I have realized on certain bosses they do react to your input. But I want to say tho, their reaction is somewhat delayed compared to Elden Ring, for example Godskin Apostle throws the flame the moment you PRESS the flask button. But in this game some have a slight delay. My anecdote is the Yin Tiger, if you go attack him, or cast your clone in the beginning, he always blocks with his sword. But when I change in pillar stance and start charging heavy, he goes goes invisible and uses the grab attack. I can still hit him if I don’t charge tho. You can certainly try this and I’m 99% sure you will experience the same thing Some bosses definitely do. There’s one boss who’s a dragon possessing a human body. Every time you try a square, square, triangle combo (literally just forgot what they where called) he deflects it. They definitely do input read. Great Sage has literally cut scenes where he steals ur flask. He dodges ur attacks as well. Erlan also dodges your attacks
I noticed this but when I try to hit them. For example if they are finishing a combo (but still doing the animation) and I'm going all in with +3 charged attack, the boss just get Ultra Instinct mode and go to the other corner of the room in less than my attack's animation has finished. So the only thing I have found out to work, stun aside, is when he is starting a combo which doesn't interrupt my action (or not most of them) tank some dmg and let them take the sweet BONK!. Every single time I went to do thrust heavy attack on the tiger bastard, he retreats at the right moment. Yup, noticed that with a lot of the bosses if I tried to time something into the end of their combo they either instantly dodge OR in the case of the black bear he would instantly attack, sometimes even clipping weirdly out of his old animation Yes. They react to specific things you do like using the gourd, transforming and even the cloud step. Like saying: "Not even try buddy. I already know that trick" Which is fine. But some of them do some dumb looking things where they twist and move in odd ways that don't look right when you pay attention.
Every single time I went to do thrust heavy attack on the tiger bastard, he retreats at the right moment.
Yup, noticed that with a lot of the bosses if I tried to time something into the end of their combo they either instantly dodge OR in the case of the black bear he would instantly attack, sometimes even clipping weirdly out of his old animation Yes. They react to specific things you do like using the gourd, transforming and even the cloud step. Like saying: "Not even try buddy. I already know that trick" Which is fine. But some of them do some dumb looking things where they twist and move in odd ways that don't look right when you pay attention.
Yes. They react to specific things you do like using the gourd, transforming and even the cloud step. Like saying: "Not even try buddy. I already know that trick" Which is fine. But some of them do some dumb looking things where they twist and move in odd ways that don't look right when you pay attention.
Which is fine. But some of them do some dumb looking things where they twist and move in odd ways that don't look right when you pay attention.
Some of them input read for specific things. Like yellow Loong will stop whatever he is doing to counter your combo attacks. Tiger blacksmith will stop his swing and shoulder charge you. It's not very bad though as they usually are just slight counters to certain attacks and not punishes that do lots of damage. You can actually abuse yellow Loong since if you try to do the smash stance counter attack, you'll end up parrying and he'll stop his combo mid way. In fact, that's one of the ways to fight him post half 50% of his HP is by interrupting his unusually long spear combos by forcing him to parry. Also if you stand still with some distance and not too long.. you can charge up to 2 circles of heavy and bonk him. The strat is to force him to end his long spear combos with a forced parry... Step back and then charge up a 2 circle heavy If you are far enough away hell just look at you, you can charge up to level 3 pretty easily
You can actually abuse yellow Loong since if you try to do the smash stance counter attack, you'll end up parrying and he'll stop his combo mid way. In fact, that's one of the ways to fight him post half 50% of his HP is by interrupting his unusually long spear combos by forcing him to parry. Also if you stand still with some distance and not too long.. you can charge up to 2 circles of heavy and bonk him. The strat is to force him to end his long spear combos with a forced parry... Step back and then charge up a 2 circle heavy If you are far enough away hell just look at you, you can charge up to level 3 pretty easily
If you are far enough away hell just look at you, you can charge up to level 3 pretty easily
I mean that's not input reading, that's responding to what the player is doing. While yes it is probably achieved by the boss AI reading the input you're doing, in a literal sense, when we say "input reading" we mean things like enemies in Elden Ring dodging when you press attack even if they're well out of range of the attack.
No I have realized on certain bosses they do react to your input. But I want to say tho, their reaction is somewhat delayed compared to Elden Ring, for example Godskin Apostle throws the flame the moment you PRESS the flask button. But in this game some have a slight delay. My anecdote is the Yin Tiger, if you go attack him, or cast your clone in the beginning, he always blocks with his sword. But when I change in pillar stance and start charging heavy, he goes goes invisible and uses the grab attack. I can still hit him if I don’t charge tho. You can certainly try this and I’m 99% sure you will experience the same thing
Some bosses definitely do. There’s one boss who’s a dragon possessing a human body. Every time you try a square, square, triangle combo (literally just forgot what they where called) he deflects it.
They definitely do input read. Great Sage has literally cut scenes where he steals ur flask. He dodges ur attacks as well. Erlan also dodges your attacks
There's definitely input read in the game. Just try doing a smash stance varied combo on "Yellow Loong" he'll parry the fuck outta you 90% of the time 😭
Meanwhile, Erlang Shen in Secret Chapter : Hold my Doggo 🐕
They input read worse than street fighter 2 what are you talking about?
Oh they absolutely do - and it’s pretty obvious on later bosses.
idk man whenever id throw my charged attacks on the tiger hed stone himself in place to parry
they 100000 percent input read
Fallen Loong definitely input reads.
They do actually. Check out my last post.
You guys are lasting 4 seconds?
Yellowbrow with any spell I'm having beef with a yellow something or other. Sage cow that's making me feel like Anakin with all this damn sand His kick move is the most annoying, infuriating move I’ve dealt with so far. 0 telegraphing, always connects if you’re in range, and a long ass a scene of your character getting absolutely fucked once it starts that you have no choice but to just sit there and watch. I always feel like I know when it's coming.. but I hate it still. Taking a break from lunch hoping that'll help haha That kick move has plenty of telegraphing, it just happens a full second or 2 before he throws it out so it's easy to miss. He kind of clutches his bident close to his chest and the tip glints, then he takes a step and kicks. That didn't stop it from taking me like 8 deaths to figure it out Dont use any spell or bait him with cloud step, when you use cloudstep he will put a barrier around him. If you wait long enough he'll move out to hit your clone. The clone needs to stand max 2 rings away from yellowbrow
I'm having beef with a yellow something or other. Sage cow that's making me feel like Anakin with all this damn sand His kick move is the most annoying, infuriating move I’ve dealt with so far. 0 telegraphing, always connects if you’re in range, and a long ass a scene of your character getting absolutely fucked once it starts that you have no choice but to just sit there and watch. I always feel like I know when it's coming.. but I hate it still. Taking a break from lunch hoping that'll help haha That kick move has plenty of telegraphing, it just happens a full second or 2 before he throws it out so it's easy to miss. He kind of clutches his bident close to his chest and the tip glints, then he takes a step and kicks. That didn't stop it from taking me like 8 deaths to figure it out
His kick move is the most annoying, infuriating move I’ve dealt with so far. 0 telegraphing, always connects if you’re in range, and a long ass a scene of your character getting absolutely fucked once it starts that you have no choice but to just sit there and watch. I always feel like I know when it's coming.. but I hate it still. Taking a break from lunch hoping that'll help haha That kick move has plenty of telegraphing, it just happens a full second or 2 before he throws it out so it's easy to miss. He kind of clutches his bident close to his chest and the tip glints, then he takes a step and kicks. That didn't stop it from taking me like 8 deaths to figure it out
I always feel like I know when it's coming.. but I hate it still. Taking a break from lunch hoping that'll help haha
That kick move has plenty of telegraphing, it just happens a full second or 2 before he throws it out so it's easy to miss. He kind of clutches his bident close to his chest and the tip glints, then he takes a step and kicks. That didn't stop it from taking me like 8 deaths to figure it out
Dont use any spell or bait him with cloud step, when you use cloudstep he will put a barrier around him. If you wait long enough he'll move out to hit your clone. The clone needs to stand max 2 rings away from yellowbrow
And that's why I always run the healing that heals you over time Even if they damage me, I will still get that 20% of healing that helps a lot upgrade it when you can, it’s nuts. instead of 20-25% it gives 18-48%. pulled me through the last couple bosses Where/how do you upgrade that? And the headband that lets me heal while running. Still rocking that on chapter 3
upgrade it when you can, it’s nuts. instead of 20-25% it gives 18-48%. pulled me through the last couple bosses Where/how do you upgrade that?
Where/how do you upgrade that?
And the headband that lets me heal while running. Still rocking that on chapter 3
Yellow loong i fucking hate you That’s exactly where I am right now. Hate that grab move he pulls whenever you Rock parry him. I am deep into chapter 5, but still return every few hours to try him again a few times. Hardest boss in the game personally for me so far, haven't beaten yet You can move chapter without beating a boss? A lot of the bosses are optional. You can go back to previous chapters again to kill them if you want. Have you beat him yet? if you can get the timing, what i did every time was 2 light attacks into perfect dodge on the elbow poke grab into punish Me too, fuck Yellow Loong lol I literally just beat him tonight. He now holds the record for the boss that killed me the most so far. Honestly his pressure game at 3/4 health is just abusive. Had me dodging like a minute straight before I could get a few hits in or parry😭
That’s exactly where I am right now. Hate that grab move he pulls whenever you Rock parry him. I am deep into chapter 5, but still return every few hours to try him again a few times. Hardest boss in the game personally for me so far, haven't beaten yet You can move chapter without beating a boss? A lot of the bosses are optional. You can go back to previous chapters again to kill them if you want. Have you beat him yet? if you can get the timing, what i did every time was 2 light attacks into perfect dodge on the elbow poke grab into punish
I am deep into chapter 5, but still return every few hours to try him again a few times. Hardest boss in the game personally for me so far, haven't beaten yet You can move chapter without beating a boss? A lot of the bosses are optional. You can go back to previous chapters again to kill them if you want.
You can move chapter without beating a boss? A lot of the bosses are optional. You can go back to previous chapters again to kill them if you want.
A lot of the bosses are optional. You can go back to previous chapters again to kill them if you want.
Have you beat him yet?
if you can get the timing, what i did every time was 2 light attacks into perfect dodge on the elbow poke grab into punish
Me too, fuck Yellow Loong lol
I literally just beat him tonight. He now holds the record for the boss that killed me the most so far. Honestly his pressure game at 3/4 health is just abusive. Had me dodging like a minute straight before I could get a few hits in or parry😭
How about drinking a buff potion after 5 attempts at a boss only for you give your worst attempt so far? Please tell me I'm not the only one. This is why I almost never use consumable buff items in these kinds of games, including Elden Ring or Code Vein.  Feels like a waste because I end up trying so hard to capitalize on their effects before their limited duration can end that I just end up dying faster and wasting them anyway. Better to use them and waste them than to never use them at all. If you don't use them, that's effectively the same as not having them. See, intellectually I get that, I try to tell myself that.  But in practice, for instance in the case of a short term elemental attack buff item, I end up getting overly aggressive trying to get in as many hits as I can before its duration runs out and just get slapped down.  It's psychological warfare against myself, really.  It's a bad habit I've tried years to break. Wait for Loong Pills and Soul Remigration Pills 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 Save me during Erlang Secret Boss and Final Boss. Is there any easy way to farm more potions if i run out lol
This is why I almost never use consumable buff items in these kinds of games, including Elden Ring or Code Vein.  Feels like a waste because I end up trying so hard to capitalize on their effects before their limited duration can end that I just end up dying faster and wasting them anyway. Better to use them and waste them than to never use them at all. If you don't use them, that's effectively the same as not having them. See, intellectually I get that, I try to tell myself that.  But in practice, for instance in the case of a short term elemental attack buff item, I end up getting overly aggressive trying to get in as many hits as I can before its duration runs out and just get slapped down.  It's psychological warfare against myself, really.  It's a bad habit I've tried years to break. Wait for Loong Pills and Soul Remigration Pills 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 Save me during Erlang Secret Boss and Final Boss.
Better to use them and waste them than to never use them at all. If you don't use them, that's effectively the same as not having them. See, intellectually I get that, I try to tell myself that.  But in practice, for instance in the case of a short term elemental attack buff item, I end up getting overly aggressive trying to get in as many hits as I can before its duration runs out and just get slapped down.  It's psychological warfare against myself, really.  It's a bad habit I've tried years to break.
See, intellectually I get that, I try to tell myself that.  But in practice, for instance in the case of a short term elemental attack buff item, I end up getting overly aggressive trying to get in as many hits as I can before its duration runs out and just get slapped down.  It's psychological warfare against myself, really.  It's a bad habit I've tried years to break.
Wait for Loong Pills and Soul Remigration Pills 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 Save me during Erlang Secret Boss and Final Boss.
Is there any easy way to farm more potions if i run out lol
Am i the only one that be spamming L1 on ps5 and he takes forever to fucking drink I always double or triple sip  for the same reason. what setting are you playing on? Performance, Balance, Quality? If Performance try changing to a different one like Balance. Performance mode has been reported by many players to have a big input latency issue. game showing 60fps but inputting as if 30fps, will probably take the devs awhile to push a fix for it, for those affected by it. Ooo okay i have it on balanced mode so I’ll change it and see if that helps thank you 版主已移除评论
I always double or triple sip  for the same reason.
what setting are you playing on? Performance, Balance, Quality? If Performance try changing to a different one like Balance. Performance mode has been reported by many players to have a big input latency issue. game showing 60fps but inputting as if 30fps, will probably take the devs awhile to push a fix for it, for those affected by it. Ooo okay i have it on balanced mode so I’ll change it and see if that helps thank you
Ooo okay i have it on balanced mode so I’ll change it and see if that helps thank you
版主已移除评论
I busted out laughing the yellow wind sage just gave me flashbacks
Wait till the ending boss. Try drinking a gourd and watch what he does lol
Make him bald and we can run it
"When you're out of medicine and need to go farm ingredients."
Their is a secret boss in chapter 4 that confirms the bosses do input read to some extent every-time i went for a charged heavy in thrust stance he shot into the air to avoid it this is only after i took a significant amount of his health tho but the move became useless if I didn’t immobilize him first he was also just not partial to giving me a chance to heal during second phase his strings go forever so it could just be that but felt like he was targeting my heals to start those strings so yeah they input read just differently then ER or another fromsoft game
With the way I'm drinking during boss fights... The pig mask is working overtime
用户已删除评论 Fuckin spoilers mate
Fuckin spoilers mate
I’ve uninstalled on captain wise-voice I just don’t have the interest anymore, 3 hours on that boss to die every time to a 1 shot mechanic - wtf are the devs thinking on this dude? Absolute garbonzo. He's just not fun to fight. That said, if you change your mind: hide under him when his orb glows he rears up and both front paws glow when he's ready to do his grab attack prep Stone Solid and activate it when the floor turns red build up Focus and Immobilize+Heavy Attack when he lowers his orb I think if you have focus points, you can pillar stance on red to avoid the floor blast. Otherwise you aren't high enough to avoid the kaboom. Lmao least hardes boss ingame just hit his toe and dodge the fuck out of the lasers. Cloudstep and pillar stance is your friend.
He's just not fun to fight. That said, if you change your mind: hide under him when his orb glows he rears up and both front paws glow when he's ready to do his grab attack prep Stone Solid and activate it when the floor turns red build up Focus and Immobilize+Heavy Attack when he lowers his orb I think if you have focus points, you can pillar stance on red to avoid the floor blast. Otherwise you aren't high enough to avoid the kaboom.
I think if you have focus points, you can pillar stance on red to avoid the floor blast. Otherwise you aren't high enough to avoid the kaboom.
Lmao least hardes boss ingame just hit his toe and dodge the fuck out of the lasers. Cloudstep and pillar stance is your friend.
Every single time 😂😂🐒👑
I feel this hard lol
When you go up against the final boss
Sad monkey noises
Transform at the 1st second, that buys you at least 20sec, and you have the opportunity to use it again
*Every souls like ever
4 seconds? Bruh. Usually less
Quicker than that lol 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
Lol this is true for every souls like , you don't heal until you the next move , if not it will drain your health below what it was before !
Or when you go to heal, then they use that one move every boss has that never seems to end, immediately as you hit the heal button and lock yourself in an animation
Pop a gourd and search the Buddha prison in Area 3.. shit is infuriating.
4 seconds? more like 1
Yin Tiger had me feeling this way.
Black Loong, amiright?
Related.
Mad tiger frfr
Would anyone be willing to game-share with me on ps5? I’d really appreciate it. I’m very interested in this game just tight on funds & don’t have the wiggle room to purchase at the moment.
That dude on the turtle in Chp 3. Literal one shot
And when I used ROCK SOLID they DIDNT ATTACK me????
This but when you try to use pluck a many but the boss hits you cancelling it and now you have wait until cool down finishes
LOL.
Hello u/Wise_Egg_1568 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
