That's it that's the post ================================================================================  评论列表:
She’s already cooked into chocolate bro track me I really hope we will go to the celestial court to save her in the DLC Pretty much confirmed at this point. Because Wukong left Celestial Court because he found out their dark secret where they had an arrangement with the spiders (or forcing the spiders with the Talisman) to produce tributes (i.e. they turn humans into a insect like cocoon or yaoguai) so the Celestial Court could turn them into celestial pills that prolong the deities' lifespan. That's why the hand for head God plans to turn 4th sister into pill as well. This plot has not been covered in the main story but there is so much room to expand from here. Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. I think you mean this. Love AvenueX Ya she is the one. Her explanation is awesome. Mr. Dog can undo the chocolate. Gotta make sure he doesn’t eat it or he will die Xu Doggy Dog to the rescue. Best drug dealer ever GOAT comment Or Majin Buu... So we're gonna ransack the celestial palace next? Yeah, that's what he meant. We need to fix that. reminds me dungeon food I would buy a box I like chocolate
I really hope we will go to the celestial court to save her in the DLC Pretty much confirmed at this point. Because Wukong left Celestial Court because he found out their dark secret where they had an arrangement with the spiders (or forcing the spiders with the Talisman) to produce tributes (i.e. they turn humans into a insect like cocoon or yaoguai) so the Celestial Court could turn them into celestial pills that prolong the deities' lifespan. That's why the hand for head God plans to turn 4th sister into pill as well. This plot has not been covered in the main story but there is so much room to expand from here. Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. I think you mean this. Love AvenueX Ya she is the one. Her explanation is awesome.
Pretty much confirmed at this point. Because Wukong left Celestial Court because he found out their dark secret where they had an arrangement with the spiders (or forcing the spiders with the Talisman) to produce tributes (i.e. they turn humans into a insect like cocoon or yaoguai) so the Celestial Court could turn them into celestial pills that prolong the deities' lifespan. That's why the hand for head God plans to turn 4th sister into pill as well. This plot has not been covered in the main story but there is so much room to expand from here. Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. I think you mean this. Love AvenueX Ya she is the one. Her explanation is awesome.
Check out the explanation given by a female youtuber. She wears Chinese traditional costume like those spider sisters in her videos and her explanation is so good and detailed. I think you mean this. Love AvenueX Ya she is the one. Her explanation is awesome.
Love AvenueX
Ya she is the one. Her explanation is awesome.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: SolidSignificance7 点赞: 55 时间: 2024-10-03T21:12:00.091000+0000 内容: Mr. Dog can undo the chocolate. Gotta make sure he doesn’t eat it or he will die Xu Doggy Dog to the rescue. Best drug dealer ever GOAT comment Or Majin Buu...
Gotta make sure he doesn’t eat it or he will die
Xu Doggy Dog to the rescue. Best drug dealer ever GOAT comment
Best drug dealer ever
GOAT comment
Or Majin Buu...
So we're gonna ransack the celestial palace next?
Yeah, that's what he meant. We need to fix that.
reminds me dungeon food
I would buy a box I like chocolate
She doesn’t need fixing tho, she’s already in love with the destined one Im saying I was like when I first saw her I said " that’s the destined ones girl" Those chests were her dowrey. ? The family of a woman who was to be wed would have a Dowry to send to the potential partner. It's them saying: "see, this is how much she is worth, see how much wealth and power the family you are marrying has!". She gives you her wealth: her Dowry. Give me your dowry 🙏  please 🥰
Im saying I was like when I first saw her I said " that’s the destined ones girl"
Those chests were her dowrey. ? The family of a woman who was to be wed would have a Dowry to send to the potential partner. It's them saying: "see, this is how much she is worth, see how much wealth and power the family you are marrying has!". She gives you her wealth: her Dowry. Give me your dowry 🙏  please 🥰
? The family of a woman who was to be wed would have a Dowry to send to the potential partner. It's them saying: "see, this is how much she is worth, see how much wealth and power the family you are marrying has!". She gives you her wealth: her Dowry. Give me your dowry 🙏  please 🥰
The family of a woman who was to be wed would have a Dowry to send to the potential partner. It's them saying: "see, this is how much she is worth, see how much wealth and power the family you are marrying has!". She gives you her wealth: her Dowry. Give me your dowry 🙏  please 🥰
Give me your dowry 🙏  please 🥰
she literally fixed me twice (from falling 100m down into a hole) and gave medicine and tons of treasure chests. She's already my mommy. She needs no fixing. Right? More like she fixed us. Although she might need some fixing if that goddamn bird followed through on his threat.
Right? More like she fixed us. Although she might need some fixing if that goddamn bird followed through on his threat.
Istg, the dlc better let me go save her from bird man
Eagerly waiting for the DLC to throw some hands on that chicken looking smug mf. How dare he convert waifu into a pill!! I'm gonna pluck every feather off his stupid ass and deep fry him in fire temple lava I wonder if Col. Sanders would be interested in ANOTHER 'Secret' Ingredient? Wait, I'm right at the end of the chapter... that's it?? That dumb ass fight was the end of bae??  I'm mad. Yep. Pretty unsatisfying imo. but wait hol up, because I accidently got my face stomped in before I went to the optional boss... she wasn't in the group was she? I have done it both ways. She doesn't appear in the garden regardless of the path you take. Yup. You just hear her scream and that's it What if in the end the bird just eats her for a second phase💀 Idk, that chicken looks fishy. Probably a friend since he offer to save her from Supreme Inspector
I'm gonna pluck every feather off his stupid ass and deep fry him in fire temple lava I wonder if Col. Sanders would be interested in ANOTHER 'Secret' Ingredient?
I wonder if Col. Sanders would be interested in ANOTHER 'Secret' Ingredient?
Wait, I'm right at the end of the chapter... that's it?? That dumb ass fight was the end of bae??  I'm mad. Yep. Pretty unsatisfying imo. but wait hol up, because I accidently got my face stomped in before I went to the optional boss... she wasn't in the group was she? I have done it both ways. She doesn't appear in the garden regardless of the path you take. Yup. You just hear her scream and that's it
Yep. Pretty unsatisfying imo. but wait hol up, because I accidently got my face stomped in before I went to the optional boss... she wasn't in the group was she? I have done it both ways. She doesn't appear in the garden regardless of the path you take. Yup. You just hear her scream and that's it
but wait hol up, because I accidently got my face stomped in before I went to the optional boss... she wasn't in the group was she? I have done it both ways. She doesn't appear in the garden regardless of the path you take. Yup. You just hear her scream and that's it
I have done it both ways. She doesn't appear in the garden regardless of the path you take. Yup. You just hear her scream and that's it
Yup. You just hear her scream and that's it
What if in the end the bird just eats her for a second phase💀
Idk, that chicken looks fishy. Probably a friend since he offer to save her from Supreme Inspector
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: DisquietEclipse7293 点赞: 19 时间: 2024-10-03T21:30:34.717000+0000 内容: Even if she's been turned into a golden pill, I believe Xu would be able to help turn her back. He's studied Lord Lao's teachings, so I think he would be able to reverse it somehow. Nah… second law of thermodynamics, bro. What’s cooked cannot be made raw again. Gordon Ramsay? Is that you? cannot be made raw again. You leave my preferences regarding procreative sex out of this, mister
Nah… second law of thermodynamics, bro. What’s cooked cannot be made raw again. Gordon Ramsay? Is that you? cannot be made raw again. You leave my preferences regarding procreative sex out of this, mister
Gordon Ramsay? Is that you?
cannot be made raw again. You leave my preferences regarding procreative sex out of this, mister
Other than her being turned into a pill there's nothing to really fix she just want to leave the mountain Leave the mountain and go live with the destined o e, so we can finally have a happy couple. So true busaellĺave to save her first
Leave the mountain and go live with the destined o e, so we can finally have a happy couple. So true busaellĺave to save her first
So true busaellĺave to save her first
Me too, I have the necessary skills, patience, and horniness to withstand her recovery
Goth spidussy? Yeah… Yeah man need that😔 Deep down I agree but to see it written out in a language I understand is…uncomfortable Risks are meant to be taken good sir
Deep down I agree but to see it written out in a language I understand is…uncomfortable Risks are meant to be taken good sir
Risks are meant to be taken good sir
Fuck fixing her, I’ll let her ruin me to smithereens.
No need to fix her
Bite your tongue, child. That’s my wife you’re talking about. Beside that pig you tell the tallest tales! We duel at dawn, mortal!
Beside that pig you tell the tallest tales! We duel at dawn, mortal!
I’m more of a second sister guy but damn! Do us proud 2nd sister has tsundere vibe. But I think she is the prettiest though.
2nd sister has tsundere vibe. But I think she is the prettiest though.
Man, goth girls were so hot in highschool. That's him officer right there Hey I was young once.
That's him officer right there Hey I was young once.
Hey I was young once.
Ahe needs no fixing
STRONG SUPPORT! Go for it brother I WON'T LET YOU DOWN
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN
Captain save a Yaoguai
We can fix her
I wouldn't say she needs fixing. (If you ignore the fact that it's being turned into a pill)
I learned from her that it’s a bitter pill to swallow.
I’ll believe in you! Fix her!
She helps monkey I’m sure she thinks she can fix monkey as well.
stole this from a previous post
The destined one's destined one
You and me both brother
Why do people keep saying she turned into a pill?you hear her say "RUN" then bird brain tells you he will refine her into a pill to spite Monke. The pill on the table isn't her.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: VladDHell 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-10-04T11:03:50.974000+0000 内容: Honestly, fuck anyone who says this. There's NOTHING to fix. I CAN however, make her worse.
just wonder which was the Destined One she married with.
I want to make mistakes with her
Aint she dead?
I don’t see anything that needs fixing
She’s been Majin Buu’d
r/noses
用户已删除评论
Yeah, no, don't bother
Such amazing facial animation in this game
No no.... She would eat you alive, my son. Literally.
hoping that the dlc will be themed mainly around celestial court but ik we will be dissapointed if we hope for that to happen
Thats a myth
She's cooked, literally
I have a strong belief she doesn't neef fixing.
What needs to be fixed? Or is this just a gen z way of saying "she's cute lol"?
You want to fix her, I want her to ruin me, we are not the same.
Bro i took off all four talismans off the pillars and had a cut scene that tells us otherwise 😂🙂‍↕️
Goth spidergirl. Fak yeah brothers. Wifey material. Or maybe not?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: franiuu_jh 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-10-04T11:29:06.304000+0000 内容: Usisisis
Did you capture that screenshot yourself?
版主已移除评论
Same
Hurt people hurt people man. You can’t fix her, but you can try to tell her why she’s wrong.
Maybe a bit out of place question, but where is buddha in all this? My dude cast a giant stone on my monke bro before and does nothing else in this madness of a world?
I have a belief that you are firm to fix her.
She wants to be fixed too. I know it.
Fox girl is the best girl
Isnt she a spider, dont spider eat there partners? I SAID I'LL FIX HER
I SAID I'LL FIX HER
Man, this sub is just wildly thirsty.
She’s canonically into you, so you win.
I’m pissed I didn’t get the last shrine before finishing chapter 3 LITERALLY THE ONLY THING I MISSED
is this just getting reposted again and again? lols
