================================================================================  评论列表:
No. Sigewinne is a Melusine, but she looks like a human with horns, best bet is that they will add other species but they will look human. track me yeah, Genshin & Honkai basically follows a design template the most unique model that Genshin have is probably Rosaria (purplish pale skin & her eye shape are slimmer) and she was introduced back 1.X era. NPC wise, they are much more diverse in models Never found out why Rosaria is so... pale. She avoids sunlight - her innate bonus only gives her a speed bonus at night. I just love how specific her speed bonus passive is. Dehya has the same thing but in the sun. And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior. And she is tanned so its perfect i thought she was a vampire, what with her going out at night, the sick cross burst she has, and somehow looks gothic, mihoyo might as well rewrite her as a vampire When I first started the game and checked the characters I thought she was a zombie. A lot of people, including me, thought she was something like a vampire Yeah when I started I thought she was a vampire and Razor was a werewolf Turns out that Razor is just a furry Well, far as I know, there's still nothing that says she isn't. She sleeps during the day and roam the streets at night. as someone else already said she only (or almost) goes out at night but also because of drinking and smoking (with that i also assume her diet is not the healthiest) Yeah, it will more likely be this way She looks like a cosplayer I mean, Lycaon is just Wriothesley's furry oc That’s the thing that annoys me. They could have easily hiding the hand things by giving her long sleeves or something. I’d have forgiven the face. Them trying to make us believe that she isn’t a human after those features and her childish nature to put stickers everywhere. Just wish they had made her a human child. They couldn't even bother to give her colorful skin Yea, it would've been cool if they gave her some blotches of color on her skin at least I wanted a playable melusine so bad and I'm so disappointed with what we got lmao We were robbed honestly you cant call Sigewinne a melusine but a kid wearing a low budget cosplay: "throw a pair of ears and a tail and call it a day" They are pretty able to  create a true playable Melusine using  clothes or some tricks to mask some details about their characteristics like they did with Kirara's feet or gloves to simulate their big hands, but they playing safe... too much safe. Same with Fontaine mekas, it be marvelous if we get a full playable meka character, but if its bounded to human models at least they can try give us a character with prosthetics limbs like an arm or leg. Talk about wasted potential We are getting capitano though, maybe not playable but definitely fits the bill We are getting capitano though, maybe not playable but definitely fits the bill Good ending: he looks exactly like his first appearance (large, tall and with coll helmet) Bad ending: no helmet and is just another twink
yeah, Genshin & Honkai basically follows a design template the most unique model that Genshin have is probably Rosaria (purplish pale skin & her eye shape are slimmer) and she was introduced back 1.X era. NPC wise, they are much more diverse in models Never found out why Rosaria is so... pale. She avoids sunlight - her innate bonus only gives her a speed bonus at night. I just love how specific her speed bonus passive is. Dehya has the same thing but in the sun. And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior. And she is tanned so its perfect i thought she was a vampire, what with her going out at night, the sick cross burst she has, and somehow looks gothic, mihoyo might as well rewrite her as a vampire When I first started the game and checked the characters I thought she was a zombie. A lot of people, including me, thought she was something like a vampire Yeah when I started I thought she was a vampire and Razor was a werewolf Turns out that Razor is just a furry Well, far as I know, there's still nothing that says she isn't. She sleeps during the day and roam the streets at night. as someone else already said she only (or almost) goes out at night but also because of drinking and smoking (with that i also assume her diet is not the healthiest)
Never found out why Rosaria is so... pale. She avoids sunlight - her innate bonus only gives her a speed bonus at night. I just love how specific her speed bonus passive is. Dehya has the same thing but in the sun. And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior. And she is tanned so its perfect i thought she was a vampire, what with her going out at night, the sick cross burst she has, and somehow looks gothic, mihoyo might as well rewrite her as a vampire When I first started the game and checked the characters I thought she was a zombie. A lot of people, including me, thought she was something like a vampire Yeah when I started I thought she was a vampire and Razor was a werewolf Turns out that Razor is just a furry Well, far as I know, there's still nothing that says she isn't. She sleeps during the day and roam the streets at night. as someone else already said she only (or almost) goes out at night but also because of drinking and smoking (with that i also assume her diet is not the healthiest)
She avoids sunlight - her innate bonus only gives her a speed bonus at night. I just love how specific her speed bonus passive is. Dehya has the same thing but in the sun. And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior. And she is tanned so its perfect i thought she was a vampire, what with her going out at night, the sick cross burst she has, and somehow looks gothic, mihoyo might as well rewrite her as a vampire
I just love how specific her speed bonus passive is. Dehya has the same thing but in the sun. And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior. And she is tanned so its perfect
Dehya has the same thing but in the sun. And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior. And she is tanned so its perfect
And then there's me, playing both on the same team. I run fast af boooy. I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior.
I just run Sayu Yelan, Kazuha and Mona for insane speed 24/7 If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking. Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol. Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team
If you replace one of the hydro with diaona her shield gives bonus speed too But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking.
But then you have to give up either zoomies or water walking.
Use Jean for the other anemo if you have her C2, and with a skyrider sword at R5. Collect an elemental particle, then use her burst and she's fast as fuck, BOOOOI. Granted it's only for like 10-15 seconds, but it's still super fast, lol.
Sayu yelan, rosaria and anemo flex is the most op traversing team
Misread boooy as booty: And immediately visualized the Traveler as Fleece Johnson the booty warrior.
And she is tanned so its perfect
i thought she was a vampire, what with her going out at night, the sick cross burst she has, and somehow looks gothic, mihoyo might as well rewrite her as a vampire
When I first started the game and checked the characters I thought she was a zombie. A lot of people, including me, thought she was something like a vampire Yeah when I started I thought she was a vampire and Razor was a werewolf Turns out that Razor is just a furry Well, far as I know, there's still nothing that says she isn't.
A lot of people, including me, thought she was something like a vampire Yeah when I started I thought she was a vampire and Razor was a werewolf Turns out that Razor is just a furry Well, far as I know, there's still nothing that says she isn't.
Yeah when I started I thought she was a vampire and Razor was a werewolf Turns out that Razor is just a furry
Turns out that Razor is just a furry
Well, far as I know, there's still nothing that says she isn't.
She sleeps during the day and roam the streets at night.
as someone else already said she only (or almost) goes out at night but also because of drinking and smoking (with that i also assume her diet is not the healthiest)
Yeah, it will more likely be this way
She looks like a cosplayer
I mean, Lycaon is just Wriothesley's furry oc
That’s the thing that annoys me. They could have easily hiding the hand things by giving her long sleeves or something. I’d have forgiven the face. Them trying to make us believe that she isn’t a human after those features and her childish nature to put stickers everywhere. Just wish they had made her a human child.
They couldn't even bother to give her colorful skin Yea, it would've been cool if they gave her some blotches of color on her skin at least
Yea, it would've been cool if they gave her some blotches of color on her skin at least
I wanted a playable melusine so bad and I'm so disappointed with what we got lmao
We were robbed
honestly you cant call Sigewinne a melusine but a kid wearing a low budget cosplay: "throw a pair of ears and a tail and call it a day" They are pretty able to  create a true playable Melusine using  clothes or some tricks to mask some details about their characteristics like they did with Kirara's feet or gloves to simulate their big hands, but they playing safe... too much safe. Same with Fontaine mekas, it be marvelous if we get a full playable meka character, but if its bounded to human models at least they can try give us a character with prosthetics limbs like an arm or leg. Talk about wasted potential
We are getting capitano though, maybe not playable but definitely fits the bill We are getting capitano though, maybe not playable but definitely fits the bill Good ending: he looks exactly like his first appearance (large, tall and with coll helmet) Bad ending: no helmet and is just another twink
We are getting capitano though, maybe not playable but definitely fits the bill Good ending: he looks exactly like his first appearance (large, tall and with coll helmet) Bad ending: no helmet and is just another twink
I mean... we have sigewine. If people weren't convinced by hoyo's preference to have only human looking playable characters until now, sigewine should be a strong signal that they don't plan to change... Or the youkai kids in that one event, which were just some children with masks. One, they wouldn't make a special model for a one time event, and two, youkais can look like normal humans with masks. I'm not going to tell mihoyo what to do with their resources, but I will say for a large portion of that quest I was convinced those weren't actual youkai but kids messing w us. When saving resources on the visual comes at the expense of the story being clear I think there's an issue :/. Sigewinne, Itto, and Tighnari were all clues. Idk why tf hoyo doesnt give sigewinne like. Turquoise skin like the other melusines. (yes i know its because basic boring "appealing" characters bring in the dough, but still would be nice to see something creative or unique from the designs for once) I feel like this is playing it a bit too safe and will maybe bring in less money than if they made Sigewinne look like a melusine, simply because it isn't unique. I mean, we already have 7 "small kid" characters, and 4 of them have very similar outfits, with Sigewinne being the 5th. So, I think the "risk" would have been worth it. That would look even more awful... also, the melusine don't have just a different skin color. They have patterns
Or the youkai kids in that one event, which were just some children with masks. One, they wouldn't make a special model for a one time event, and two, youkais can look like normal humans with masks. I'm not going to tell mihoyo what to do with their resources, but I will say for a large portion of that quest I was convinced those weren't actual youkai but kids messing w us. When saving resources on the visual comes at the expense of the story being clear I think there's an issue :/.
One, they wouldn't make a special model for a one time event, and two, youkais can look like normal humans with masks. I'm not going to tell mihoyo what to do with their resources, but I will say for a large portion of that quest I was convinced those weren't actual youkai but kids messing w us. When saving resources on the visual comes at the expense of the story being clear I think there's an issue :/.
I'm not going to tell mihoyo what to do with their resources, but I will say for a large portion of that quest I was convinced those weren't actual youkai but kids messing w us. When saving resources on the visual comes at the expense of the story being clear I think there's an issue :/.
Sigewinne, Itto, and Tighnari were all clues.
Idk why tf hoyo doesnt give sigewinne like. Turquoise skin like the other melusines. (yes i know its because basic boring "appealing" characters bring in the dough, but still would be nice to see something creative or unique from the designs for once) I feel like this is playing it a bit too safe and will maybe bring in less money than if they made Sigewinne look like a melusine, simply because it isn't unique. I mean, we already have 7 "small kid" characters, and 4 of them have very similar outfits, with Sigewinne being the 5th. So, I think the "risk" would have been worth it. That would look even more awful... also, the melusine don't have just a different skin color. They have patterns
I feel like this is playing it a bit too safe and will maybe bring in less money than if they made Sigewinne look like a melusine, simply because it isn't unique. I mean, we already have 7 "small kid" characters, and 4 of them have very similar outfits, with Sigewinne being the 5th. So, I think the "risk" would have been worth it.
That would look even more awful... also, the melusine don't have just a different skin color. They have patterns
nah, doubt they'd bother with that Not even bother, hoyo with genshin has be incredibly lazy when it comes to playable characters. And for some reason ONLY playable characters, they’ve been reusing the same models since the beta in 2019. And refuse to make new ones or even better ones. Compare any of the Humanoid ENEMY characters are they have some of the coolest models in the game. The black knights, the fatui agents, the new enemies shown in the Fontaine trailer. They can obviously make cool models but, just won’t do it for the playable characters because it’s easier for them to reuse assets for this player base to eat it up. they probably don't wanna deal with all the extra animation clippings that come with having cooler character designs. i can kinda imagine how tedious it'd be to clip animations for every single movement if, say, a character has a long ass cape, or some clothing that requires extra clipping so that it won't go through the character when jumping or something practicality > uniqueness basically And refuse to make new ones or even better ones. They're apparently working on a playable muscular male model. Most likely for Varka, Capitano and Pierro.
Not even bother, hoyo with genshin has be incredibly lazy when it comes to playable characters. And for some reason ONLY playable characters, they’ve been reusing the same models since the beta in 2019. And refuse to make new ones or even better ones. Compare any of the Humanoid ENEMY characters are they have some of the coolest models in the game. The black knights, the fatui agents, the new enemies shown in the Fontaine trailer. They can obviously make cool models but, just won’t do it for the playable characters because it’s easier for them to reuse assets for this player base to eat it up. they probably don't wanna deal with all the extra animation clippings that come with having cooler character designs. i can kinda imagine how tedious it'd be to clip animations for every single movement if, say, a character has a long ass cape, or some clothing that requires extra clipping so that it won't go through the character when jumping or something practicality > uniqueness basically And refuse to make new ones or even better ones. They're apparently working on a playable muscular male model. Most likely for Varka, Capitano and Pierro.
they probably don't wanna deal with all the extra animation clippings that come with having cooler character designs. i can kinda imagine how tedious it'd be to clip animations for every single movement if, say, a character has a long ass cape, or some clothing that requires extra clipping so that it won't go through the character when jumping or something practicality > uniqueness basically
And refuse to make new ones or even better ones. They're apparently working on a playable muscular male model. Most likely for Varka, Capitano and Pierro.
There's a reason why ZZZ exist and why HSR is turn-based. HYV is not gonna put everything a player want on one game. They want you to play all their game as much as possible. The GI and Honkai community loves to shit on each other all the time but they forgot the fact that no matter what they do, HYV still win in the end. Yeah every game has their own theme and personality but obviously that will cause the toxic one to shit on each other basically no matter what hoyoverse still get the bag at the end of the day Just like op's post 💀 What💀 Both Fandoms shit on each other but lets be honest, they both play the same damn game and send their money to MHY either way.
Yeah every game has their own theme and personality but obviously that will cause the toxic one to shit on each other basically no matter what hoyoverse still get the bag at the end of the day Just like op's post 💀 What💀
Just like op's post 💀 What💀
What💀
Both Fandoms shit on each other but lets be honest, they both play the same damn game and send their money to MHY either way.
At this point, I just expect Pulcinella or Capitano to be the most unconventional looking character that could be come playable in Genshin. Hear me out, what if Sandrone but reverse Clara (HSR). And we play as the big robot, Sandrone appears during the burst. Now I have a mental image of the Big Robot with tears screaming "HELP ME, SANDRONE" and it's glorious. This is the way. We should all expect Capitano to be unmasked when he becomes playable. I don't expect anything unconventional from him. Though Scara lost his veil, the key detail of his design being the big hat and dangling bells remained, same went for Dottore's earring and the belts on his sleeves. There are details that defines the character and thus should be kept even if the character's design undergoes changes. For Cap, that would be his mask, so no, it's not going anywhere, except when we explore his past. Tbh i doubt Pulcinella will become playable. His model as short male would be too high to look right and he's generally an asshole that is at the bottom of the charts in terms of potential new characters wanted (i'm sorry Pulcinella mains) Thing is, Diluc, Ningguang, Ayaka, Cyno, Lyney, and Lynette are all playable, and Dainsleif is confirmed playable through his own drip marketing. If Iansan is playable then he’d be the ONLY one who isn’t Just use the little girl model for him, they can make it work. Rizzly's abs, arms and legs are noticeably bigger than the beefiest tall male that is Alhaitham here, they can make some tweaks to the base model for certain characters to portray their unique aspects. In term of personality, he's about as morally gray as Tartaglia (shows some good signs here and there while maintains an overall calculating and overly realistic approach). It's not entirely accurate to base his entire character on opinions of a pessimist like Scara per se. As for his popularity, well, him being one of the least popular Harbinger is the truth, so I have nothing to say about it. Most important thing is he's in Travail, 6/9 Travail characters are already playable with Dainsleif having already been announced playable with drip marketing and Iansan having no trouble being playable either. It's just strange that so many people are against the idea of playable Pulcinella just because man has mustache and is short. It would be funny to see Pulcinella t pose running unless they give him a unique sprint "I'm the Mayor of Snezhnaya! WHEEEEEEE!" Inb4 the Rooster piggybacks on a random Fatui every time he starts sprinting as an "Alternate Sprint". Bonus meme potential if ladies would carry his butt (he's the "Rooster" after all) similar to the Coffin Dance meme. It works for Dr. Eggman, it might work for him.
Hear me out, what if Sandrone but reverse Clara (HSR). And we play as the big robot, Sandrone appears during the burst. Now I have a mental image of the Big Robot with tears screaming "HELP ME, SANDRONE" and it's glorious. This is the way.
Now I have a mental image of the Big Robot with tears screaming "HELP ME, SANDRONE" and it's glorious. This is the way.
This is the way.
We should all expect Capitano to be unmasked when he becomes playable. I don't expect anything unconventional from him. Though Scara lost his veil, the key detail of his design being the big hat and dangling bells remained, same went for Dottore's earring and the belts on his sleeves. There are details that defines the character and thus should be kept even if the character's design undergoes changes. For Cap, that would be his mask, so no, it's not going anywhere, except when we explore his past.
Though Scara lost his veil, the key detail of his design being the big hat and dangling bells remained, same went for Dottore's earring and the belts on his sleeves. There are details that defines the character and thus should be kept even if the character's design undergoes changes. For Cap, that would be his mask, so no, it's not going anywhere, except when we explore his past.
Tbh i doubt Pulcinella will become playable. His model as short male would be too high to look right and he's generally an asshole that is at the bottom of the charts in terms of potential new characters wanted (i'm sorry Pulcinella mains) Thing is, Diluc, Ningguang, Ayaka, Cyno, Lyney, and Lynette are all playable, and Dainsleif is confirmed playable through his own drip marketing. If Iansan is playable then he’d be the ONLY one who isn’t Just use the little girl model for him, they can make it work. Rizzly's abs, arms and legs are noticeably bigger than the beefiest tall male that is Alhaitham here, they can make some tweaks to the base model for certain characters to portray their unique aspects. In term of personality, he's about as morally gray as Tartaglia (shows some good signs here and there while maintains an overall calculating and overly realistic approach). It's not entirely accurate to base his entire character on opinions of a pessimist like Scara per se. As for his popularity, well, him being one of the least popular Harbinger is the truth, so I have nothing to say about it. Most important thing is he's in Travail, 6/9 Travail characters are already playable with Dainsleif having already been announced playable with drip marketing and Iansan having no trouble being playable either. It's just strange that so many people are against the idea of playable Pulcinella just because man has mustache and is short. It would be funny to see Pulcinella t pose running unless they give him a unique sprint "I'm the Mayor of Snezhnaya! WHEEEEEEE!" Inb4 the Rooster piggybacks on a random Fatui every time he starts sprinting as an "Alternate Sprint". Bonus meme potential if ladies would carry his butt (he's the "Rooster" after all) similar to the Coffin Dance meme. It works for Dr. Eggman, it might work for him.
Thing is, Diluc, Ningguang, Ayaka, Cyno, Lyney, and Lynette are all playable, and Dainsleif is confirmed playable through his own drip marketing. If Iansan is playable then he’d be the ONLY one who isn’t
Just use the little girl model for him, they can make it work. Rizzly's abs, arms and legs are noticeably bigger than the beefiest tall male that is Alhaitham here, they can make some tweaks to the base model for certain characters to portray their unique aspects. In term of personality, he's about as morally gray as Tartaglia (shows some good signs here and there while maintains an overall calculating and overly realistic approach). It's not entirely accurate to base his entire character on opinions of a pessimist like Scara per se. As for his popularity, well, him being one of the least popular Harbinger is the truth, so I have nothing to say about it. Most important thing is he's in Travail, 6/9 Travail characters are already playable with Dainsleif having already been announced playable with drip marketing and Iansan having no trouble being playable either. It's just strange that so many people are against the idea of playable Pulcinella just because man has mustache and is short. It would be funny to see Pulcinella t pose running unless they give him a unique sprint "I'm the Mayor of Snezhnaya! WHEEEEEEE!" Inb4 the Rooster piggybacks on a random Fatui every time he starts sprinting as an "Alternate Sprint". Bonus meme potential if ladies would carry his butt (he's the "Rooster" after all) similar to the Coffin Dance meme. It works for Dr. Eggman, it might work for him.
It would be funny to see Pulcinella t pose running unless they give him a unique sprint "I'm the Mayor of Snezhnaya! WHEEEEEEE!" Inb4 the Rooster piggybacks on a random Fatui every time he starts sprinting as an "Alternate Sprint". Bonus meme potential if ladies would carry his butt (he's the "Rooster" after all) similar to the Coffin Dance meme. It works for Dr. Eggman, it might work for him.
"I'm the Mayor of Snezhnaya! WHEEEEEEE!"
Inb4 the Rooster piggybacks on a random Fatui every time he starts sprinting as an "Alternate Sprint". Bonus meme potential if ladies would carry his butt (he's the "Rooster" after all) similar to the Coffin Dance meme.
It works for Dr. Eggman, it might work for him.
Teyvat's already been pretty well established as only having nekomimi level animal species, and idk that they would stray from that. Even if they did, I think we'd just get unique head + standard body, not anything where the whole shebang is unique just because of the shared animations between model types. Like the white wolf-y dude and the blue girl seem doable within genshin if you ignore established aesthetic, but the big bear guy would never happen. HSRbot and Kamen Rider seem doable while staying within model constraints, and the sexy lady and buff man robot from fontaine means they wouldn't be that out of place aesthetically/lore wise, so who knows. I mean melusine aren't nekomimi level, but we won't get a proper playable melusine that's true, in my head I just think of them as multi color toddlers, but they actually are quite a bit different from just being human + animal ears. but then sigewinne does look nekomimi level. idk why they couldn't have given her a more melusine-like head even if her body was just copy paste playable toddler. I'm a little surprised we haven't seen a robot head + standard body yet. It's so simple for them to do and it's easy to make a distinct character face like that. And there are robots in Fontaine too, so it fits the setting no problem. But when I think about it, they're probably more likely to make it like Katherine as in a human model that just has a gear or sprocket poking out of their back. I'm just too burned by their character design to expect any more. Technicaly furries exist, the yokai event showed us one sadly it means furries existed before, yae's quest was about the fact there's barely any yokai left, which i guess is their excuse for not bringing any of those back Even when they do, Kirara chooses to have a more human form... now i wonder if it's possible for a valuka shuna/whatever tighnari's race is called (the goddamn tighnarian better not be cannon) to bang whatever gorou is and get a kid that inherited the animal halves of both and just get a half dog half fennec furry
I mean melusine aren't nekomimi level, but we won't get a proper playable melusine that's true, in my head I just think of them as multi color toddlers, but they actually are quite a bit different from just being human + animal ears. but then sigewinne does look nekomimi level. idk why they couldn't have given her a more melusine-like head even if her body was just copy paste playable toddler.
that's true, in my head I just think of them as multi color toddlers, but they actually are quite a bit different from just being human + animal ears. but then sigewinne does look nekomimi level. idk why they couldn't have given her a more melusine-like head even if her body was just copy paste playable toddler.
I'm a little surprised we haven't seen a robot head + standard body yet. It's so simple for them to do and it's easy to make a distinct character face like that. And there are robots in Fontaine too, so it fits the setting no problem. But when I think about it, they're probably more likely to make it like Katherine as in a human model that just has a gear or sprocket poking out of their back. I'm just too burned by their character design to expect any more.
Technicaly furries exist, the yokai event showed us one sadly it means furries existed before, yae's quest was about the fact there's barely any yokai left, which i guess is their excuse for not bringing any of those back Even when they do, Kirara chooses to have a more human form... now i wonder if it's possible for a valuka shuna/whatever tighnari's race is called (the goddamn tighnarian better not be cannon) to bang whatever gorou is and get a kid that inherited the animal halves of both and just get a half dog half fennec furry
sadly it means furries existed before, yae's quest was about the fact there's barely any yokai left, which i guess is their excuse for not bringing any of those back Even when they do, Kirara chooses to have a more human form... now i wonder if it's possible for a valuka shuna/whatever tighnari's race is called (the goddamn tighnarian better not be cannon) to bang whatever gorou is and get a kid that inherited the animal halves of both and just get a half dog half fennec furry
Even when they do, Kirara chooses to have a more human form...
now i wonder if it's possible for a valuka shuna/whatever tighnari's race is called (the goddamn tighnarian better not be cannon) to bang whatever gorou is and get a kid that inherited the animal halves of both and just get a half dog half fennec furry
Man how I wish but I don't think so. Capitano is probably the closest thing we'll get if he actually becomes playable honestly though, chances are they'll unmask him if he becomes playable Would be pretty lame as it would just not be the same character anymore because at least for me Capitano is the faceless guy but it's from hoyo we are taking about so I don't doubt Normally you'd expect that a masked character like capitan would have such a messed up scared face, but because this is genshin if he takes his mask off, he'll look like a kpop star with no scars or any amount of Facial hair, that's of course if you want him to be playable If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Mine theory is that capitano was an warrior from khanreiah who barely managed to overcome the hirichull curse through his sheer will, but his body became twisted, so he hides it. If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Bahahahah, most they'll do is give him conventionally attractive scars, don't kid yourself. If you think it'll be anything else, after what we've seen so far, you're way too gullible and overdosing on copium. Rizzley concept vs Launch design changes, tbh. Conceptually, he was a lot more scarred up (still attractive ones, ofc), but launch plays it pretty safe w/ a more or less untouched face besides a tiny scar next to his eye. Man, I'll never not be mad about the scar nerf. I want a playable like that is similar to ghost from cod mw where he never shows his face Best we can do about it kuki Theres also Dottore who is missing half his face. Dataminers found under the mask his face is just mechanical with one Rune guard styled eye.
honestly though, chances are they'll unmask him if he becomes playable Would be pretty lame as it would just not be the same character anymore because at least for me Capitano is the faceless guy but it's from hoyo we are taking about so I don't doubt Normally you'd expect that a masked character like capitan would have such a messed up scared face, but because this is genshin if he takes his mask off, he'll look like a kpop star with no scars or any amount of Facial hair, that's of course if you want him to be playable If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Mine theory is that capitano was an warrior from khanreiah who barely managed to overcome the hirichull curse through his sheer will, but his body became twisted, so he hides it. If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Bahahahah, most they'll do is give him conventionally attractive scars, don't kid yourself. If you think it'll be anything else, after what we've seen so far, you're way too gullible and overdosing on copium. Rizzley concept vs Launch design changes, tbh. Conceptually, he was a lot more scarred up (still attractive ones, ofc), but launch plays it pretty safe w/ a more or less untouched face besides a tiny scar next to his eye. Man, I'll never not be mad about the scar nerf.
Would be pretty lame as it would just not be the same character anymore because at least for me Capitano is the faceless guy but it's from hoyo we are taking about so I don't doubt Normally you'd expect that a masked character like capitan would have such a messed up scared face, but because this is genshin if he takes his mask off, he'll look like a kpop star with no scars or any amount of Facial hair, that's of course if you want him to be playable
Normally you'd expect that a masked character like capitan would have such a messed up scared face, but because this is genshin if he takes his mask off, he'll look like a kpop star with no scars or any amount of Facial hair, that's of course if you want him to be playable
If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Mine theory is that capitano was an warrior from khanreiah who barely managed to overcome the hirichull curse through his sheer will, but his body became twisted, so he hides it. If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Bahahahah, most they'll do is give him conventionally attractive scars, don't kid yourself. If you think it'll be anything else, after what we've seen so far, you're way too gullible and overdosing on copium. Rizzley concept vs Launch design changes, tbh. Conceptually, he was a lot more scarred up (still attractive ones, ofc), but launch plays it pretty safe w/ a more or less untouched face besides a tiny scar next to his eye. Man, I'll never not be mad about the scar nerf.
If they do, i hope his face is not pretty. Bahahahah, most they'll do is give him conventionally attractive scars, don't kid yourself. If you think it'll be anything else, after what we've seen so far, you're way too gullible and overdosing on copium. Rizzley concept vs Launch design changes, tbh. Conceptually, he was a lot more scarred up (still attractive ones, ofc), but launch plays it pretty safe w/ a more or less untouched face besides a tiny scar next to his eye. Man, I'll never not be mad about the scar nerf.
Rizzley concept vs Launch design changes, tbh. Conceptually, he was a lot more scarred up (still attractive ones, ofc), but launch plays it pretty safe w/ a more or less untouched face besides a tiny scar next to his eye. Man, I'll never not be mad about the scar nerf.
Man, I'll never not be mad about the scar nerf.
I want a playable like that is similar to ghost from cod mw where he never shows his face Best we can do about it kuki Theres also Dottore who is missing half his face. Dataminers found under the mask his face is just mechanical with one Rune guard styled eye.
Best we can do about it kuki Theres also Dottore who is missing half his face. Dataminers found under the mask his face is just mechanical with one Rune guard styled eye.
Theres also Dottore who is missing half his face. Dataminers found under the mask his face is just mechanical with one Rune guard styled eye.
I was gonna provide a detailed counterargument as to why they won't. But I'm not feeling it. So in short, Genshin being open world is a double-edged sword. On one hand, you get a world so beautiful that it is basically eye candy. On the other hand, you're not gonna get experimental character design often because of it. Pretty much. They put majority of the dev power into their game's signature selling point, the open world, while streamlining character model production.
Pretty much. They put majority of the dev power into their game's signature selling point, the open world, while streamlining character model production.
That bear looks dope But can you imagine a Broly size character like one where his body blocks the camera Everyone in genshin gets the Cabba treatment. I mean Gohan being a hybrid Saiyan when he was 8 is literally more muscular than itto Exactly, the cabba treatment Yeah Out of all the characters I played in the beta, I enjoyed him the most
But can you imagine a Broly size character like one where his body blocks the camera Everyone in genshin gets the Cabba treatment. I mean Gohan being a hybrid Saiyan when he was 8 is literally more muscular than itto Exactly, the cabba treatment Yeah
Everyone in genshin gets the Cabba treatment. I mean Gohan being a hybrid Saiyan when he was 8 is literally more muscular than itto Exactly, the cabba treatment Yeah
I mean Gohan being a hybrid Saiyan when he was 8 is literally more muscular than itto Exactly, the cabba treatment Yeah
Exactly, the cabba treatment Yeah
Yeah
Out of all the characters I played in the beta, I enjoyed him the most
They turned the playable Melusine into something that looks like a human child cosplaying a melusine. It's gonna be an uphill battle for them to even consider more unique designs.
I hope they add someone like Ainz Ooal Gown
the least human thing we have is a cat girl, so No, not yet :3 Technically speaking, the least human thing we have is albedo. Wouldn't Wanderer and Raiden be more non human since  they are literal puppets?
Technically speaking, the least human thing we have is albedo. Wouldn't Wanderer and Raiden be more non human since  they are literal puppets?
Wouldn't Wanderer and Raiden be more non human since  they are literal puppets?
I'm not against it nor I'm asking for it
genshin aren't very experimental with their models so no, maybe star rail might, but genshin can barely brave putting a woman in a full suit because it strays from their formula, blue skin and animal heads are probably out of the question.
They can't even have charcters with facial hair/scars/black skin Let alone other species Genshin designs are freaking boring there is absolutely no variety
Sigewinne is an answer.
Not a fan of furries, im ok with guys/girls with cat ears/tails. But full blown humanoind pet is just too much
Absolutely hope not.
I can't wait for this game to come out😩😩 What game is it? It looks interesting
What game is it? It looks interesting
Theyre scared to make multiple dark brown skinned playable characters in their game so I guess not Honestly my opinion has always been that the writers are completely fine with darker skinned characters, with Xinyan being the main focus of two events, Dehya being an important character and despite Candace having little screen time she is lorewise one of the top 3 strongest 4 stars... But the designers of their kits are just members of the Lawrence clan. Hoyo couldn't even be assed to give Itto red skin and actual muscles or make Sigewinne a full-on Melusine Like the models are literally right there. If Capitano isn't built like Azariq, we're definitely going to have some problems
Honestly my opinion has always been that the writers are completely fine with darker skinned characters, with Xinyan being the main focus of two events, Dehya being an important character and despite Candace having little screen time she is lorewise one of the top 3 strongest 4 stars... But the designers of their kits are just members of the Lawrence clan.
Hoyo couldn't even be assed to give Itto red skin and actual muscles or make Sigewinne a full-on Melusine Like the models are literally right there. If Capitano isn't built like Azariq, we're definitely going to have some problems
No. No furries please you guys stay in your corner and we’ll stay in ours. No reason to mix. So Segregation? Too late! Melsuline is in the game :)
So Segregation?
Too late! Melsuline is in the game :)
No We’ve already seen their versions of these characters we have the the people with animal ears and Tails for the beast men We’ve got itto and the blue one for the oni We don’t have robotic characters but I doubt they’d go for it being a game more rooted to the fantasy and swords type setting even though we have the ruin bots and even the bot/puppet made by scara They’re keeping it calm in order to reuse models or to stick to the setting
A playable character outside of 5 preset body proportion? Most likely never, look at us its been 3 years. There's actually leaked concept arts of a 6th model! It'll only take 5 years and billions of income to happen 🙃
There's actually leaked concept arts of a 6th model! It'll only take 5 years and billions of income to happen 🙃
we were robbed of total melusine sigewinne...
They couldn't even put mechanical joints on scara or raiden like herta or make sigewinne even slightly to look like a melisune. They're not gonna make full on furry people or robots.
Having all these different species and body types is definitely a part of ZZZ's style in particular, but I don't think the idea is out of the question either. It probably won't happen often though, maybe only once.
They turned a Melusine into a normal girl to make her playable...
Freaking Furries.
Those designs are not for the faint-hearted. Only a selected few could appreciate the designs of non-humans. I want Freddy Fazbear to be playable
I want Freddy Fazbear to be playable
Sadly I don't think that's going to happen. Genshin doesn't like taking risks with their character designs.
No. And it was explained thousand times why.
Eww furries
Releasing someone from an entire different looking specie before an actual black character that's more than just a little tan would be CRAZY. Then what, different noses/chins from the same 5 we had since launch? Ain't no way.
I want a full on Kamen rider character, full armor and helmet. Sam from HSR is the best thing I've ever seen. Capitano us the most likely though which I don't mind, as long as they keep him faceless. I just want to scream henshinnn man.
I wish they did. I wish they could add unique characters. A bear, a robot, an old man, a fat dude, a twins characters (animations depict 2 characters that attack together, etc), maybe a goblin, or a doll (that LOOKS and moves like a doll. not you, scaramouche). They added Qiqi as a Jiangshi, But without the rotten skin, and zombie looks, to make her more appealing. They added Sara as a Tengu, and Arataki Itto as an Oni, but both of them look rather human, not like monsters, they don't attack with claws and horns, wings, etc. They added Zhongli, but he's an "old man" in age only, not looks. The try really hard to appeal to the waifu/husbando mentality, and it works VERY WELL for them. The formula works, and they're afraid of breaking the mold. It's not that they're afraid, it's that they don't have to.
It's not that they're afraid, it's that they don't have to.
Waiting for Screwllum to become playable:)
Scewllum my beloved
Genshin could also need a Svarog thing is, svarog isn't even the one we control so technically hsr still don't have a "unique" character and still abides by their current models. zzz is just leagues different from their prior games, which makes sense.
thing is, svarog isn't even the one we control so technically hsr still don't have a "unique" character and still abides by their current models. zzz is just leagues different from their prior games, which makes sense.
Nope. People will cry very hard about it if they ever do add these designs to the game. Both the hardcore waifu simps and husbando fujos. Only cute high school girls and tall sparkly ikemens are allowed in Genshin Impact!!! /s
I will main Ben and no one can stop me.
I hope not.
If they added Ben or Lycaon i would literally empty my bank account, im too gay for those 2
Robot man from HSR is so goddamn dapper I cannot wait for him to become playable. I would main him even if his kit was mediocre
I doubt it... main thing most likely is animations work, Genshin reuses animation cycles a lot and they would have to recreate the animations if the proportions of character models vary to wildly. The oni girl and the robot are good exemples of varied characters that don't need different models. They are just allergic to variety.
The oni girl and the robot are good exemples of varied characters that don't need different models. They are just allergic to variety.
They couldn't even add black people in this game why would you expect them to add other creatures?
Wait til you hear about our lord and saviour Pulcinella
I'm sorry but how dare you put best husbando Screwllum with the furry characters Billy is a "furry"?
Billy is a "furry"?
Nope you get same small/medium/tall body. Any detail is just drawn on to the body.
ADD A RUIN GUARD CHARACTER ADD A HILICHURL CHARACTER ADD A FUNGUS CHARACTER ADD A "YOKAI" THAT ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE ONE PLEASE JUST GIVE ME A SINGLE DESIGN THAT ISNT REGULAR OLD HUMAN
I wouldn't mind it but furry characters are not for me.
It's a gacha game with the market being primarily for East Asia so most likely not happening. I think ZZZ is trying to focus more on the international with their Valorant-esque style and HSR they're only adding one character like that amongst a sea of waifus and husbandos.
Each day I hope for news on ZZZ
No, but it would be really cool if they did
I need a bearded Male char , I'd main the fuck Outta it
Furries are not unique. Male furries are gross and disgusting. They ruined Arknights.
No. If genshin can't tolerate a bigger chest for rosaria or a shaded back for post-2022 female characters, there's no chance for them to add a character that resembles anything other than the generally accepted character designs that satisfy the overly-strict chinese laws
I'd love it if they added characters like this but I doubt it
Ok but second and last one super cool
I dont think theyre adding cypher to genshin(last pic)
I actually thought that the first pic was furry wriothesley before i remembered about zzz 💀
Lmao, just look at the Sigewinne.
I don't know, maybe?
I do really hope we get some playable characters that are a bit more alien looking comparative to all the human characters. I'm not super familiar with the overall lore, but every character in-game looks human, even the Foxians and Vidyadhara. Granted, rigging something really alien would be incredibly difficult with the current skeleton frames they're working with, but maybe just go a little more wild with the human model is all.
playable character most likely not they kind of stuck on character presets if they add would not be until 5.0 if they decide to add more player models, now npc like melusine they all ready added unique characters like that
Nope, never.
No they already earn enough with the same old
Don't think so, whatever system their game is built on is too rigid to be handled by newer designers.
When Sentient Meka?
Maybe? So far doesn't seem likely tho. Since I'm also playing HSR I don't really mind, it's nice to have variety across their games instead of feeling copy pasted. But I also feel the pain of wanting HSR's amazing QOL updates in Genshin...
No Genshin and most other hoyo games for that matter like to play it safe
No
Just realized but why does bro even need a monacule
I wouldn't say 'unique' but yes it'd be nice if we got some characters with their own models.
Going off the patterns of Itto, Gorou, Tighnari, Diona and now Sigewinne, I imagine any playable character will be a human with, at best, nonhuman features. A robot like Screwllum from HSR (the robot in image 5) is probably the most possible to me, since a robot design can still have the human shapes of the other characters, but I wonder if that wouldn't be too far a step away from Genshin's usual character design. As of right now, everyone's design is more or less cohesive with one another, so I wonder if Genshin will want to fix what works?
As a furry I would LOVE to, but sadly we likely wont get any :(
Not at all, I'm coping very hard because I want playable Capitano though, that's the closest we would probably get
No. Different teams, with different visions and different direction.
Probably no. The biggest reason is thatb Genshin is an open word game and there are many animations (juming, gliding, climbing, diving.) Those are extremely complicated with different body types. And there might also be engine limitations. Their older tiltle HI3 also doesn't have any that unique characters afaik. Excluding the wolf and bear, the other characters are 100% possible. Billy and Screwllum can easily be rigged to the adult models, while Aokaku is literally just a color swap to blue skin. Animations aren't a problem for those characters, HoYo just doesn't want any non-human looking playable characters in the game. Ben is the only hard one, because its an entirely new model with large proportions.
Excluding the wolf and bear, the other characters are 100% possible. Billy and Screwllum can easily be rigged to the adult models, while Aokaku is literally just a color swap to blue skin. Animations aren't a problem for those characters, HoYo just doesn't want any non-human looking playable characters in the game. Ben is the only hard one, because its an entirely new model with large proportions.
Is that Billy guy a homage to Deadpool?
No
Yooo who is the first one form
Ben Bigger my beloved
Genshin adds Kafka*
Idk. They had a chance with a Melusine, but Sigewinne is very human like. Wanderer also lacks any puppet characteristics, like ball joints or something like that. I guess we'll be stuck to making our own if we want something less humanoid...
What game is Billy from he looks cool as hell
i do hope we get a steampowered human who lost their body from an accident but they still have a vision
Monster and robot aren't usually weeb's type, they need waifu and husbando for them to rack their purse
Ben look like a menace
I think it's difficult with their set models? Like having to change sigewinne to be more human like to fit the model...
Short answer? No. Long answer? Absolutely not.
No, they recycle the same body templates, there are rumors about a new one for a bigger male, but nothing more.
All we get is Tighnari from the Tighnarian race
Get your furry ass shet out of here
Want more alloy in the game?
No, as themselves... i mean, Star Rail has Clara but she's basically a playable Svarog, Clara herself didn't do anything other than flinching and cry for help
We allready have sigewinne, what more do you want?
Honestly forgot about the furries. Where are they from again? Zenless Zone Zero. The next hoyoverse game.
Zenless Zone Zero. The next hoyoverse game.
Well, they did give Kirara two tails, so not impossible for them to try something new I guess.  Though, still question why Lyney doesn't have cat ears and a tail though.  It kinda weirds me out.
Hell No!
robot maybe i dont think they will otherwise make nonhumanlooking charakters
Likely not. It seems that each hoyo game gets increasing amount of variety though. HI3 is all human looking women. Genshin is human looking women and men. HSR is is almost all human looking women and men with a few robots and I think 1 or 2 more model types. ZZZ is seemingly not going to stick to pre-made models at all and has a significant amount of characters that don't look human. Also all the people hating on the furries have got to get over themselves.
