================================================================================  评论列表:
Now they can prepare another Black Myth without financial stress. track me 用户已删除评论 What we need is: 黑神话 天龙八部 We need to know what happened between 天龙八部 and 射雕英雄传 If there is an IP that can match Journey to the West, it is the Jin Yong universe. Can you imagine 铁血丹心 pumping in the next trailer reveal? Are we in heaven? I don't know about everybody else, when I was a kid, 西游记 & 射雕英雄传 are No 1 & 2 in summer reruns. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the case in the rest of China. OMG that would a dream come true. So many possibilities! Just look at the last part of 天龙八部: 段誉和王语嫣吃了一惊，两人手挽着手，隐身树后，向声音来处看去，只见慕容复坐在一座土坟之上，头戴高高的纸冠，神色俨然。 七八名乡下小儿跪在坟前，乱七八糟的嚷道：“愿吾皇万岁，万岁，万万岁！”一面乱叫，一面跪拜，有的则伸出手来，叫道：“给我糖，给我糕饼！” 慕容复道：“众爱卿平身，朕既兴复大燕，身登大宝，人人皆有封赏。” 坟边垂首站着一个女子，正是阿碧。她身穿浅绿色衣衫，明艳的脸上颇有凄楚憔悴之色，只见她从一只蓝中取出糖果糕饼，分给众小儿，说道：“大家好乖，明天再来玩，又有糖果糕饼吃！”语间呜咽，一滴一泪水落入了竹蓝中。 众小儿拍手欢呼而去，都道：“明天又来！” I had been wondering for 20 years, what if one of them kids learnt everything 慕容复 knows, and is the next main character? Game Science, make that happen, you can have the idea for free, maybe give me a named character. 直面天命，兴复大燕!!! That's a lot of funny-looking words u got there magic man. 🤩 But man, I like 连城诀 the best out of all his stuff I want a Wukong II. I don't think the current story holds everything well... Like logically it made sense, sort of, but it was just missing something. You're not the only one. I want a BMWukong II with the OG Wukong, somehow making it possible. I don't think this "saga" is over. Even a prequel, or just go for a TJTTW story and that's all 😂 Jttw prequel DLC I mean, nezha is just money left on the table at this point nah I would rather have Nezha, even if his story would be a huge stretch, I don't think Zhong Kui's story is that long either, but Nezha is very popular in media and fits next heroic theme. Jiang Ziya though... would be cool af. But what he is going fight with? Like in WO with fishing rod?) that would be just odd. Jiang Ziya uses a telekinetically controlled baton and is a mighty god in his own right. That said I would prefer Nezha as well, not in the least that he crossed blades with Wukong in JTTW as well, that’s a pretty cool sequel crossover potential. Yep, the game where Sun goes to heaven Then it REALLY turns into God of War In the original Chinese text，when Wukong got his “Buddhahood”, he was given the name 斗战胜佛 dou zhan sheng fo, which literally translates to “the buddha of battle”. True story. They translated as ever victorious fighting Buddha in the intro I think. As far as I'm aware, other black myth games will be on different myths, so no wukong. DLC would be just fine. Black Myth: Lu bu. Do not pursue Lu bu. Maybe a romance of the three kingdoms game. I know wo long did it but it would cool to see game science do it. I want Water Margin. It has an enormous cast and a very good story. It is not as commonly adapted like Three Kingdoms or Journey to the West. That’s what suikoden was based off of right Yes. 天龙八部. It will be hard to pick a main character for The Water Margin though, unless a game goes with an “unknown” for the player No please no. Romance of Three Kingdom is  overused in media that as a Chinese, I got so tired of it already. We need Yellow Emperor, Houyi, Fengshen Yanyi etc. Koei does it every few years you mean the japanese game that's been released over the course 20 years? DLCs first, can't waste all the hype on this first huge success. I would say Shan hai scroll, which would most likely appeal to both Asians and westerners Expansion packs are planned. But first: Lots of updates. Black Myth 2: Infinite Wealth
用户已删除评论 What we need is: 黑神话 天龙八部 We need to know what happened between 天龙八部 and 射雕英雄传 If there is an IP that can match Journey to the West, it is the Jin Yong universe. Can you imagine 铁血丹心 pumping in the next trailer reveal? Are we in heaven? I don't know about everybody else, when I was a kid, 西游记 & 射雕英雄传 are No 1 & 2 in summer reruns. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the case in the rest of China. OMG that would a dream come true. So many possibilities! Just look at the last part of 天龙八部: 段誉和王语嫣吃了一惊，两人手挽着手，隐身树后，向声音来处看去，只见慕容复坐在一座土坟之上，头戴高高的纸冠，神色俨然。 七八名乡下小儿跪在坟前，乱七八糟的嚷道：“愿吾皇万岁，万岁，万万岁！”一面乱叫，一面跪拜，有的则伸出手来，叫道：“给我糖，给我糕饼！” 慕容复道：“众爱卿平身，朕既兴复大燕，身登大宝，人人皆有封赏。” 坟边垂首站着一个女子，正是阿碧。她身穿浅绿色衣衫，明艳的脸上颇有凄楚憔悴之色，只见她从一只蓝中取出糖果糕饼，分给众小儿，说道：“大家好乖，明天再来玩，又有糖果糕饼吃！”语间呜咽，一滴一泪水落入了竹蓝中。 众小儿拍手欢呼而去，都道：“明天又来！” I had been wondering for 20 years, what if one of them kids learnt everything 慕容复 knows, and is the next main character? Game Science, make that happen, you can have the idea for free, maybe give me a named character. 直面天命，兴复大燕!!! That's a lot of funny-looking words u got there magic man. 🤩 But man, I like 连城诀 the best out of all his stuff I want a Wukong II. I don't think the current story holds everything well... Like logically it made sense, sort of, but it was just missing something. You're not the only one. I want a BMWukong II with the OG Wukong, somehow making it possible. I don't think this "saga" is over. Even a prequel, or just go for a TJTTW story and that's all 😂 Jttw prequel DLC I mean, nezha is just money left on the table at this point nah I would rather have Nezha, even if his story would be a huge stretch, I don't think Zhong Kui's story is that long either, but Nezha is very popular in media and fits next heroic theme. Jiang Ziya though... would be cool af. But what he is going fight with? Like in WO with fishing rod?) that would be just odd. Jiang Ziya uses a telekinetically controlled baton and is a mighty god in his own right. That said I would prefer Nezha as well, not in the least that he crossed blades with Wukong in JTTW as well, that’s a pretty cool sequel crossover potential.
What we need is: 黑神话 天龙八部 We need to know what happened between 天龙八部 and 射雕英雄传 If there is an IP that can match Journey to the West, it is the Jin Yong universe. Can you imagine 铁血丹心 pumping in the next trailer reveal? Are we in heaven? I don't know about everybody else, when I was a kid, 西游记 & 射雕英雄传 are No 1 & 2 in summer reruns. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the case in the rest of China. OMG that would a dream come true. So many possibilities! Just look at the last part of 天龙八部: 段誉和王语嫣吃了一惊，两人手挽着手，隐身树后，向声音来处看去，只见慕容复坐在一座土坟之上，头戴高高的纸冠，神色俨然。 七八名乡下小儿跪在坟前，乱七八糟的嚷道：“愿吾皇万岁，万岁，万万岁！”一面乱叫，一面跪拜，有的则伸出手来，叫道：“给我糖，给我糕饼！” 慕容复道：“众爱卿平身，朕既兴复大燕，身登大宝，人人皆有封赏。” 坟边垂首站着一个女子，正是阿碧。她身穿浅绿色衣衫，明艳的脸上颇有凄楚憔悴之色，只见她从一只蓝中取出糖果糕饼，分给众小儿，说道：“大家好乖，明天再来玩，又有糖果糕饼吃！”语间呜咽，一滴一泪水落入了竹蓝中。 众小儿拍手欢呼而去，都道：“明天又来！” I had been wondering for 20 years, what if one of them kids learnt everything 慕容复 knows, and is the next main character? Game Science, make that happen, you can have the idea for free, maybe give me a named character. 直面天命，兴复大燕!!! That's a lot of funny-looking words u got there magic man. 🤩 But man, I like 连城诀 the best out of all his stuff
Are we in heaven? I don't know about everybody else, when I was a kid, 西游记 & 射雕英雄传 are No 1 & 2 in summer reruns. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the case in the rest of China.
I don't know about everybody else, when I was a kid, 西游记 & 射雕英雄传 are No 1 & 2 in summer reruns. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the case in the rest of China.
OMG that would a dream come true. So many possibilities! Just look at the last part of 天龙八部: 段誉和王语嫣吃了一惊，两人手挽着手，隐身树后，向声音来处看去，只见慕容复坐在一座土坟之上，头戴高高的纸冠，神色俨然。 七八名乡下小儿跪在坟前，乱七八糟的嚷道：“愿吾皇万岁，万岁，万万岁！”一面乱叫，一面跪拜，有的则伸出手来，叫道：“给我糖，给我糕饼！” 慕容复道：“众爱卿平身，朕既兴复大燕，身登大宝，人人皆有封赏。” 坟边垂首站着一个女子，正是阿碧。她身穿浅绿色衣衫，明艳的脸上颇有凄楚憔悴之色，只见她从一只蓝中取出糖果糕饼，分给众小儿，说道：“大家好乖，明天再来玩，又有糖果糕饼吃！”语间呜咽，一滴一泪水落入了竹蓝中。 众小儿拍手欢呼而去，都道：“明天又来！” I had been wondering for 20 years, what if one of them kids learnt everything 慕容复 knows, and is the next main character? Game Science, make that happen, you can have the idea for free, maybe give me a named character. 直面天命，兴复大燕!!! That's a lot of funny-looking words u got there magic man.
Just look at the last part of 天龙八部: 段誉和王语嫣吃了一惊，两人手挽着手，隐身树后，向声音来处看去，只见慕容复坐在一座土坟之上，头戴高高的纸冠，神色俨然。 七八名乡下小儿跪在坟前，乱七八糟的嚷道：“愿吾皇万岁，万岁，万万岁！”一面乱叫，一面跪拜，有的则伸出手来，叫道：“给我糖，给我糕饼！” 慕容复道：“众爱卿平身，朕既兴复大燕，身登大宝，人人皆有封赏。” 坟边垂首站着一个女子，正是阿碧。她身穿浅绿色衣衫，明艳的脸上颇有凄楚憔悴之色，只见她从一只蓝中取出糖果糕饼，分给众小儿，说道：“大家好乖，明天再来玩，又有糖果糕饼吃！”语间呜咽，一滴一泪水落入了竹蓝中。 众小儿拍手欢呼而去，都道：“明天又来！” I had been wondering for 20 years, what if one of them kids learnt everything 慕容复 knows, and is the next main character? Game Science, make that happen, you can have the idea for free, maybe give me a named character. 直面天命，兴复大燕!!! That's a lot of funny-looking words u got there magic man.
That's a lot of funny-looking words u got there magic man.
🤩 But man, I like 连城诀 the best out of all his stuff
I want a Wukong II. I don't think the current story holds everything well... Like logically it made sense, sort of, but it was just missing something. You're not the only one. I want a BMWukong II with the OG Wukong, somehow making it possible. I don't think this "saga" is over. Even a prequel, or just go for a TJTTW story and that's all 😂 Jttw prequel DLC
You're not the only one. I want a BMWukong II with the OG Wukong, somehow making it possible. I don't think this "saga" is over. Even a prequel, or just go for a TJTTW story and that's all 😂 Jttw prequel DLC
Jttw prequel DLC
I mean, nezha is just money left on the table at this point
nah I would rather have Nezha, even if his story would be a huge stretch, I don't think Zhong Kui's story is that long either, but Nezha is very popular in media and fits next heroic theme. Jiang Ziya though... would be cool af. But what he is going fight with? Like in WO with fishing rod?) that would be just odd. Jiang Ziya uses a telekinetically controlled baton and is a mighty god in his own right. That said I would prefer Nezha as well, not in the least that he crossed blades with Wukong in JTTW as well, that’s a pretty cool sequel crossover potential.
Jiang Ziya uses a telekinetically controlled baton and is a mighty god in his own right. That said I would prefer Nezha as well, not in the least that he crossed blades with Wukong in JTTW as well, that’s a pretty cool sequel crossover potential.
Yep, the game where Sun goes to heaven Then it REALLY turns into God of War In the original Chinese text，when Wukong got his “Buddhahood”, he was given the name 斗战胜佛 dou zhan sheng fo, which literally translates to “the buddha of battle”. True story. They translated as ever victorious fighting Buddha in the intro I think. As far as I'm aware, other black myth games will be on different myths, so no wukong. DLC would be just fine. Black Myth: Lu bu. Do not pursue Lu bu.
Then it REALLY turns into God of War In the original Chinese text，when Wukong got his “Buddhahood”, he was given the name 斗战胜佛 dou zhan sheng fo, which literally translates to “the buddha of battle”. True story. They translated as ever victorious fighting Buddha in the intro I think.
In the original Chinese text，when Wukong got his “Buddhahood”, he was given the name 斗战胜佛 dou zhan sheng fo, which literally translates to “the buddha of battle”. True story. They translated as ever victorious fighting Buddha in the intro I think.
They translated as ever victorious fighting Buddha in the intro I think.
As far as I'm aware, other black myth games will be on different myths, so no wukong. DLC would be just fine. Black Myth: Lu bu. Do not pursue Lu bu.
DLC would be just fine.
Black Myth: Lu bu. Do not pursue Lu bu.
Maybe a romance of the three kingdoms game. I know wo long did it but it would cool to see game science do it. I want Water Margin. It has an enormous cast and a very good story. It is not as commonly adapted like Three Kingdoms or Journey to the West. That’s what suikoden was based off of right Yes. 天龙八部. It will be hard to pick a main character for The Water Margin though, unless a game goes with an “unknown” for the player No please no. Romance of Three Kingdom is  overused in media that as a Chinese, I got so tired of it already. We need Yellow Emperor, Houyi, Fengshen Yanyi etc. Koei does it every few years you mean the japanese game that's been released over the course 20 years?
I want Water Margin. It has an enormous cast and a very good story. It is not as commonly adapted like Three Kingdoms or Journey to the West. That’s what suikoden was based off of right Yes. 天龙八部. It will be hard to pick a main character for The Water Margin though, unless a game goes with an “unknown” for the player
That’s what suikoden was based off of right Yes.
Yes.
天龙八部.
It will be hard to pick a main character for The Water Margin though, unless a game goes with an “unknown” for the player
No please no. Romance of Three Kingdom is  overused in media that as a Chinese, I got so tired of it already. We need Yellow Emperor, Houyi, Fengshen Yanyi etc.
Koei does it every few years
you mean the japanese game that's been released over the course 20 years?
DLCs first, can't waste all the hype on this first huge success.
I would say Shan hai scroll, which would most likely appeal to both Asians and westerners
Expansion packs are planned. But first: Lots of updates.
Black Myth 2: Infinite Wealth
Let’s GOOOO
Sun wukong getting ready to collect his GOTY award
THE most important stat is 100% of BMW players are MONKE🐒 All enemies get hit with BOINK MONKE 🐒🐒 TOGETHER 🐒🐒 STRONG
MONKE 🐒🐒 TOGETHER 🐒🐒 STRONG
This game deserves it. The 4 year journey up until now has paid off and this game delivered big time. I hope this means they can go forward with their plan on future black myth games.
truly hope Wukong can win game of the year to set a new standard for all game industries from different country so that we the player can get more and more good games like Wukong here. God I would kill for more games based on different countries mythos, I kinda see why they were going for more a God of War aspect. Give me Egyptian or Hindu-based games, I wanna slay all the pantheon of Gods. 用户已删除评论 Egyptian had been done so much Has it though? Apart from an Assassins Creed Origins, where the mythological stuff is pretty lame and arguably makes the game worse, nothing recent really comes to mind. A game like God of War or Wukong in Egyptian setting would have been pretty dope imo. I agree about African stuff. I know literally nothing about it, but I'd buy a well researched game with African setting in an instant. Maybe they just mean in a pop culture sense? Egypt gets a solid amount of screentime. But yeah, I would loooove to play just a pure Egyptian game. So sei es! 用户已删除评论
God I would kill for more games based on different countries mythos, I kinda see why they were going for more a God of War aspect. Give me Egyptian or Hindu-based games, I wanna slay all the pantheon of Gods. 用户已删除评论 Egyptian had been done so much Has it though? Apart from an Assassins Creed Origins, where the mythological stuff is pretty lame and arguably makes the game worse, nothing recent really comes to mind. A game like God of War or Wukong in Egyptian setting would have been pretty dope imo. I agree about African stuff. I know literally nothing about it, but I'd buy a well researched game with African setting in an instant. Maybe they just mean in a pop culture sense? Egypt gets a solid amount of screentime. But yeah, I would loooove to play just a pure Egyptian game.
用户已删除评论 Egyptian had been done so much Has it though? Apart from an Assassins Creed Origins, where the mythological stuff is pretty lame and arguably makes the game worse, nothing recent really comes to mind. A game like God of War or Wukong in Egyptian setting would have been pretty dope imo. I agree about African stuff. I know literally nothing about it, but I'd buy a well researched game with African setting in an instant. Maybe they just mean in a pop culture sense? Egypt gets a solid amount of screentime. But yeah, I would loooove to play just a pure Egyptian game.
Egyptian had been done so much Has it though? Apart from an Assassins Creed Origins, where the mythological stuff is pretty lame and arguably makes the game worse, nothing recent really comes to mind. A game like God of War or Wukong in Egyptian setting would have been pretty dope imo. I agree about African stuff. I know literally nothing about it, but I'd buy a well researched game with African setting in an instant. Maybe they just mean in a pop culture sense? Egypt gets a solid amount of screentime. But yeah, I would loooove to play just a pure Egyptian game.
Maybe they just mean in a pop culture sense? Egypt gets a solid amount of screentime. But yeah, I would loooove to play just a pure Egyptian game.
So sei es!
用户已删除评论
Literally just can't afford it, or I would be playing this game rn. Honestly, I can't wait until I can pick it up. I know I can't be the only one in that  type of situation, so this game has room to grow those sales numbers. I’ll buy it for you. Thank you for the offer really, but I'm not too bad off financially just had some really big expenses this month with buying a vehicle and paying for my gf's medical instruments for school. I am sure there are other people who could really use your help. But thank you, you're an awesome human. Your good people That's awesome of you bro Both the guy who offers to buy and the guy who doesn't accept are amazing humans. These people are the real gamers! We got a wholesome community here.
I’ll buy it for you. Thank you for the offer really, but I'm not too bad off financially just had some really big expenses this month with buying a vehicle and paying for my gf's medical instruments for school. I am sure there are other people who could really use your help. But thank you, you're an awesome human. Your good people That's awesome of you bro
Thank you for the offer really, but I'm not too bad off financially just had some really big expenses this month with buying a vehicle and paying for my gf's medical instruments for school. I am sure there are other people who could really use your help. But thank you, you're an awesome human.
Your good people
That's awesome of you bro
Both the guy who offers to buy and the guy who doesn't accept are amazing humans. These people are the real gamers! We got a wholesome community here.
These people are the real gamers! We got a wholesome community here.
Hopefully it outsells the yearly call of duty and Ubisoft slop. Don't forget EA sports. >:(
Don't forget EA sports. >:(
Apes together strong.
They deserve it!!!!!!
It's hasn't been a week yet and it's this big
Congrats to the dev team! I’m so happy to be part of this miracle!
I had a little time so I played the first thirty minutes or so. I had to stop. I knew it was something special after that amazing opener and what feels like super smooth fighting mechanics, so I'm waiting for the weekend when I can get in a good lengthy session with it. Also, I'm playing it a on PC, and it's running great so far on max.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Noobmaster698757 点赞: 11 时间: 2024-08-23T15:11:10.258000+0000 内容: Other developers should take note on how it‘s done.
Physical copies now
Nice
Hit more total copies in 3 days than bloodborne did in 9 years
版主已移除评论
Is this game really a souls-like game, Or is it a little easier?? At the very least BMW is an action RPG with a hint of Souls-lite. It's not the most difficult game by any means nor the easiest. Souls-lite Whoa. That thing right there, is a fitting term actually. Haha I wholeheartedly agree. Whenever I attempt to play a souls game it just feels impossible with the regular grunts and the small amount of times I make it to a boss well I never stand a chance. This game though although feels very souls like I feel like I have a chance against the bosses even if it takes me like 30 times.
At the very least BMW is an action RPG with a hint of Souls-lite. It's not the most difficult game by any means nor the easiest. Souls-lite Whoa. That thing right there, is a fitting term actually. Haha I wholeheartedly agree. Whenever I attempt to play a souls game it just feels impossible with the regular grunts and the small amount of times I make it to a boss well I never stand a chance. This game though although feels very souls like I feel like I have a chance against the bosses even if it takes me like 30 times.
Souls-lite Whoa. That thing right there, is a fitting term actually. Haha
I wholeheartedly agree. Whenever I attempt to play a souls game it just feels impossible with the regular grunts and the small amount of times I make it to a boss well I never stand a chance. This game though although feels very souls like I feel like I have a chance against the bosses even if it takes me like 30 times.
I wish I could play the game right now but due to emergencies and is a priority i used the money. Thought i could play on launch date. I was able to play 2.5 hrs via steam library family share but my friend decided to private the game. I feel so left out the game is so good.
$600,000,000 in sales after 3 days is INSANE (And this is the low end, under the assumption that people only bought the standard edition) Just want to pick up one thing that the price in China region is set to about 30usd.
Just want to pick up one thing that the price in China region is set to about 30usd.
This game will be breaking boundaries & Records . Let's go Monke Around in the game . Ansmall amount of luck & I got through most of the chapter 2 bosses still working on Black Loong & Fuban though .🫨😅 https://youtu.be/xQC_FFzZymY
Just bought it on Steam - first game I've ever purchased at full price at the $60 price-point! Never played one of these big boss fight-themed games before (of course I've played many games with bosses, just not one of "these") and am looking forward to playing. Usually a patient-gamer but caved after mulling it over for a couple of days because I grew up watching the 1986 series.
The best selling Chinese single player game probably forever. Why go negative. It's a new industry in the country. Imagine how many more good games we'll get every year with China in the game.
Why go negative. It's a new industry in the country. Imagine how many more good games we'll get every year with China in the game.
Sony owes Game Science some cheese. PS5’s selling out in China. Despite continued bad press saying it isn’t playable on PS5.
Please tell me they made back the money they spent making the game. I am loving it so far. Worth every penny They recouped all their costs on the first day, the game cost about 60 million dollars to develop and now they're selling about 500 million dollars
They recouped all their costs on the first day, the game cost about 60 million dollars to develop and now they're selling about 500 million dollars
Let's gooooooo
Omg 😱 it just released and already sold that well. Man this game is something
I'd like their next game to be about Erlang's journey
This is record breaking insanity
Well fucking deserve, what a game!!
Tang Sanzang post credits scene: “I’m putting together a team. Again.”
China #1
Meanwhile Flintlock 1000 units sold
Gamers won!
I’m still in chapter 3 enjoying every minute
Copies sold (by gamalytic) Wukong: 10.7m Dustborn: 759 Concord: 6200 Dominated
2/10, not enough monkey tits. Jk of course. If I can beat chapter one, anyone can play this game! Don’t let the proposed difficulty scare you off
just a headsup, Game Science just registered another two trademarks, Black Myth Shanhai, Black Myth Soushen, based on two Chinese classics, Shan Hai Jing (Classics of Mountains and Seas) and Sou Shen Ji (In Search of Supernatural). We are expecting another two games in the future
And that's without Xbox.
IGN seething IGN：add diversity to monkeyyyyy
IGN：add diversity to monkeyyyyy
What game other than this is even out this year that could win? This is not even a close competition right now Not even ff7 rebirth sold this much 👀 I do think they're gonna give goty to that game instead of black myth tho, which is whatever. It's all good this is still a win! FF7 part 2 , Space Marine 2 , Stellar blade , Helldivers 2 - apes here didn't play any other game this year XD Well in Wukong’s defense, there haven’t been any real big games this year. Mostly DLC for already established good games, and smaller indie games that weee released. Helldivers and FF7 are some exceptions of course. Games like Warhammer and Silent Hill are yet to release but won’t hit that many sales because they’re still quite niche. Wukong had the fortune of being affordable and the folklore being popular with millions of Chinese people. As long as the gameplay was good, wukong was almost guaranteed to succeed.
Not even ff7 rebirth sold this much 👀 I do think they're gonna give goty to that game instead of black myth tho, which is whatever. It's all good this is still a win!
FF7 part 2 , Space Marine 2 , Stellar blade , Helldivers 2 - apes here didn't play any other game this year XD
Well in Wukong’s defense, there haven’t been any real big games this year. Mostly DLC for already established good games, and smaller indie games that weee released. Helldivers and FF7 are some exceptions of course. Games like Warhammer and Silent Hill are yet to release but won’t hit that many sales because they’re still quite niche. Wukong had the fortune of being affordable and the folklore being popular with millions of Chinese people. As long as the gameplay was good, wukong was almost guaranteed to succeed.
I think BMW sold 10m faster than Elden Ring did? It took ER 17 days to sell 12m copies. Yadda Yadda "BuT It'S 90% cHiNa!", it's still insane. I think it also beats palworld which sold 10m at 7 days? edit- Guys, I get it. Trust me. I know its a cultural phenomenon in China. I'm saying regardless of that, the rate this game is selling units is huge. But Chinese people also buy eldenring, which doesn't prove anything. It can be said that the majority of the top three games on Steam are played by Chinese people. In 2017, all Internet cafes in China even updated their computer configurations because of PUBG. The Chinese area is the area with the most people on Steam. If you look at PUBG, about 38 percent of players are from China and 8.5 percent are from the USA. So it makes sense for this game as it is based on Chinese mythology You can't just yadda yadda past the 90% of the player base is China, that's a huge part of its success 😂🤷 BMW haha
But Chinese people also buy eldenring, which doesn't prove anything. It can be said that the majority of the top three games on Steam are played by Chinese people. In 2017, all Internet cafes in China even updated their computer configurations because of PUBG. The Chinese area is the area with the most people on Steam.
If you look at PUBG, about 38 percent of players are from China and 8.5 percent are from the USA. So it makes sense for this game as it is based on Chinese mythology
You can't just yadda yadda past the 90% of the player base is China, that's a huge part of its success 😂🤷
BMW haha
I'm so happy for Game Science. It's incredibly rare, today, for a game to release in such a good state, and executed so well. You can tell when you play this how much skill and effort went into this game. It's well balanced, a masterclass in level design, it looks gorgeous, it scales from my Steam Deck to my PC, and actually feels unique. I hope this serves as a wakeup call for lazy developers that take months to get their game in a reasonable state.
Game of the fuckin year bitches
版主已移除评论 What kind of chair though...reclining/fixed/cushioned/rolling/3-legged/4-legged/folding? And computer...Mac/Windows/Linux (which build?)/laptop/tower? 😝
What kind of chair though...reclining/fixed/cushioned/rolling/3-legged/4-legged/folding? And computer...Mac/Windows/Linux (which build?)/laptop/tower? 😝
Remember when they said it wasn’t big in the west? The game is the top game in Canada for the 3rd day in a row on ps5. We love when Monkey go bonk!! Must be a lot of Chinese immigrants in Canada. /s
Must be a lot of Chinese immigrants in Canada. /s
TAKE THAT UBISOFT!!
WUKONG is so successful because they dont have massive control from investor like Bethesda and CD Red. I hope they continue to do this player/developer first before investors.
Nice
Well done.
need expansions with new stance and biomes and bosses !!
a game with "lack of diversity" shattering expectations. what a surprise! /s
I hope they turn it into a franchise.
As a Dark Souls veteran, I've really enjoyed the new mechanics and everything this game has, but god I hit invisible walls every time
proud monkey moment, i've never been happier
One is me! Awesome game
Congrats Game Science! You earned it!
Welp, this definitely confirms we are getting DLC.
Convinced its gonna win goty
Game has honestly exceeded my expectations so far, Great game
Best game of the year. An absolute blast
Monke go Bonk
guess some gaming urinalists gotta be seething and malding right now because all their hit pieces didn't do jack shit
Holy, they made close to 500 mil USD in less than a week. There’s a good chance the game will make over a billion, and it’s a single player game.
DEI consultants in shambles
Screw the journalist, embrace tha MONKE
I preordered the game and played like an hour Monday night. For the rest of this entire week I’ve just been watching streamers play + getting caught up with the actual stories by relevant feeds. I feel equally engaged.
I'm buying one copy when it coming out on Xbox, even it's free for game pass (but anyone know what's the situation now with the xbox ? I wanna be a monkey so baddddd). Mostly never as series s cannot handle it
Mostly never as series s cannot handle it
deserved
$$$$$$$ CHA CHING! I got the game yesterday and it is so much fun!
Monkes together strong
Kongrats!!
faster than I thought, now on the way to 15M.
Wow, 10 million sales within a week? Now we can definitely expect some good patches. Cant wait to see this fixed so I can jump in
Congrats 🥂
Thats gotta be a milestone
GOTY
Make that 10,000,001 because I just got paid and I got a weekend to play.
Damn this fast well deserved
Crazy to think a game got this big after just 4 days One holiday right now, but can't wait to play it as soon as I get back 😁
Can't wait for it to come to xbox
That's insane. They are going to now be one of the biggest developers in the world.
Crazy this game is ps5 and pc and sold that many shows we need more awesome challenging story driven games. Hopefully a good port for msi claw comes out I'll buy it again for portability.
Bought the game today and I see why it blew up. Holy shit it is fun
I hope the devs make more games at this quality. I really liked this game
It's official. We're getting more myth type games. I'm down but they have to be executed in this fashion.
Would love to play this game. Selling my PS5 next week, unfortunately. Finances are too tight. Maybe I'll play it next year. So glad to see it doing well. Been following for years.
They deserved it. Pretty sure those numbers would still have a room to grow since I and others like me in the same predicament are trying to scrape by whatever worth we are left with to be able to pick it up maybe when it is on sale in the future and play  as monke's temporarily. And maybe I could learn more while lastly trying out as an aspiring indie game developer. lol
All of the creators must be ecstatic. From what I gather: $250 million in sales, the take home is probably $40-$60 million for the developers and creators.
Is there a way to know how it’s been seeling outside of China? I want to shut up everyone saying “yeah 10M copies 9’999,900 sold in China”. I’ve been seeing some reviewers here in latin america saying that all this success is just because of chinese people. I mean sells are sells it doesn’t matter from where they are.
Next Up: Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (Tian Long Ba Bu) 📖
mega W for the mega monke
Personally this is GOTY so far. Everything about it is very well done and satisfying to play. I was worried this was going to be stuck in development or wasn’t going to be as good as the trailer I saw years ago. Glad I was wrong.
用户已删除评论
How big is the dev team? A little more than 100 people, so it's pretty incredible they could pull this off. about 140
A little more than 100 people, so it's pretty incredible they could pull this off.
about 140
r/hailcorporate
Can they make sekiro 2 since the Canon ending is journeying to the west Nah leave it to fromsoftware
Nah leave it to fromsoftware
Why he didn't upgrade the old gourd in this pic?
W
Am I the 10m th ?
版主已移除评论
Just waiting on them amd patches, the first fight is v fun
Anyone know when it will be released physically?
This is incredible.
Absolutely love the game. First game ever that I’m reading the lore behind every monster. Only thing though is that they have a long way to go on the optimization for ps5. Hopefully there’s a big patch coming for the console.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-23T19:36:59.749000+0000 内容: How about black myth in three kingdoms era
W
for a digital-only game thats freakin insane, in just a couple days too
版主已移除评论
Looking forward to the physical but I'm sooo going to play it.
Can’t wait for Xbox drop to make that number higher
China #1
版主已移除评论
All platforms….. wtf is the Xbox version?
Big W if they would fix the PS5 performance. Some insane FPS drops even on performance mode.
Finally got time to buy a copy, lets go
Nice!
Could have added more but cancelled Xbox.
