================================================================================  评论列表:
The Chinese on the post means “we might lose, but we’ll never give up trying”(with a pun in it). So they know they will, very likely, fail, the point is to keep trying after all the failures. track me Which also lends itself to actually playing Black Myth Wukong and dying for the 20th time to the White Clad Noble (or insert any bosses you had issues with) and not giving up lol! White Clad Noble For me it was the Yellow Wind Sage. I must have died like 30 times before I rage quit. Came back to it a couple hours later and got him within the first 3 or so tries. Then I learned that if I had gotten the fan artifact, it would have made the second phase a lot easier... Oh yeah those vessels oof. If you didn't know it's gonna be a rough time for sure. But I am glad you beat the Yellow Wind Sage without it. You got skills! Erlang only We might lose but we won’t be defeated What's the pun? The chinese football team has always been extremely shit. There are actually a lot of memes and an infamous interview regarding their most recent international experience IIRC. Pretty hilarious stuff on bilibili. This also my saying when I was fighting erlang
Which also lends itself to actually playing Black Myth Wukong and dying for the 20th time to the White Clad Noble (or insert any bosses you had issues with) and not giving up lol! White Clad Noble For me it was the Yellow Wind Sage. I must have died like 30 times before I rage quit. Came back to it a couple hours later and got him within the first 3 or so tries. Then I learned that if I had gotten the fan artifact, it would have made the second phase a lot easier... Oh yeah those vessels oof. If you didn't know it's gonna be a rough time for sure. But I am glad you beat the Yellow Wind Sage without it. You got skills! Erlang only
White Clad Noble For me it was the Yellow Wind Sage. I must have died like 30 times before I rage quit. Came back to it a couple hours later and got him within the first 3 or so tries. Then I learned that if I had gotten the fan artifact, it would have made the second phase a lot easier... Oh yeah those vessels oof. If you didn't know it's gonna be a rough time for sure. But I am glad you beat the Yellow Wind Sage without it. You got skills!
Oh yeah those vessels oof. If you didn't know it's gonna be a rough time for sure. But I am glad you beat the Yellow Wind Sage without it. You got skills!
Erlang only
We might lose but we won’t be defeated
What's the pun? The chinese football team has always been extremely shit. There are actually a lot of memes and an infamous interview regarding their most recent international experience IIRC. Pretty hilarious stuff on bilibili.
The chinese football team has always been extremely shit. There are actually a lot of memes and an infamous interview regarding their most recent international experience IIRC. Pretty hilarious stuff on bilibili.
There are actually a lot of memes and an infamous interview regarding their most recent international experience IIRC. Pretty hilarious stuff on bilibili.
This also my saying when I was fighting erlang
OK this goes SO FUCKING HARD THOUGH! 版主已移除评论 Intensity? It's totally one sided when it comes to football. Japan thrashed China 7-0 in the first match, then 3-1 in the second. I can't understand why China isn't dominating football when they do so well in the Olympics. It's not like football isn't popular in China. Playing football is not popular in China. People watch games of European leagues or World Cup, but few of them actually get to the court. Chinese football players have regular high bonuses anyway, so it doesn't matter whether they play seriously or not. By the way,CN women's football isn't like that. Because football is the very pricy sport to invest to being the best, and the talent of the ppl is hard to spot on. Plus it is the meta sport in the world, it pretty hard to compete with other country. So They mainly focus those sport that 小，巧，难，女，少，simply translate to small (Non-meta), skill base, hard, female and less people participate, like Ping pong, gymnastics, the swimming contest u never heard of, badminton etc. Those sport r cost less to training and less ppl care about the sport, it pretty ez to get the gold metal with those sport. Ping pong is hard ngl. Also China had world class women's volleyball team which won silver & gold medals. Women's volleyball is highly competitive. In my opinion China is a sleeping giant on football. They will eventually streamline their football program from grassroots. Not if they don't start taking football seriously and put in the effort to train the fuck out of the players. Absolutely agreed! Who wins?! 😭 Japan of course. It’s football/soccer What's the ranking for football in the Asian region these days? S. Korea and Japan still dominating? Japan far above other teams. south Korea and Iran second tier. Then Saudi, Qatar and Australia. Indonesia approaching their level fast with basically an all-Dutch squad. Then probably DPR Korea, Uzbekistan and UAE. China is around the same level as Thailand, Vietnam, Syria, Oman, Bahrain and Kyrgyzstan. With the current speed of decline, Chinese football will be caught up by Malaysia and Singapore in a few years. Stop talking about Chinese football , please, this maybe the only thing we wanna be ignored :< It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive. Well considering Sun Wukong is the myth that inspired Goku… I think you gotta go with the OG. They are both the embodiment of “nah, I’d win” and then they do and so seniority’s gotta take it I think.
版主已移除评论 Intensity? It's totally one sided when it comes to football. Japan thrashed China 7-0 in the first match, then 3-1 in the second. I can't understand why China isn't dominating football when they do so well in the Olympics. It's not like football isn't popular in China. Playing football is not popular in China. People watch games of European leagues or World Cup, but few of them actually get to the court. Chinese football players have regular high bonuses anyway, so it doesn't matter whether they play seriously or not. By the way,CN women's football isn't like that. Because football is the very pricy sport to invest to being the best, and the talent of the ppl is hard to spot on. Plus it is the meta sport in the world, it pretty hard to compete with other country. So They mainly focus those sport that 小，巧，难，女，少，simply translate to small (Non-meta), skill base, hard, female and less people participate, like Ping pong, gymnastics, the swimming contest u never heard of, badminton etc. Those sport r cost less to training and less ppl care about the sport, it pretty ez to get the gold metal with those sport. Ping pong is hard ngl. Also China had world class women's volleyball team which won silver & gold medals. Women's volleyball is highly competitive. In my opinion China is a sleeping giant on football. They will eventually streamline their football program from grassroots. Not if they don't start taking football seriously and put in the effort to train the fuck out of the players.
Intensity? It's totally one sided when it comes to football. Japan thrashed China 7-0 in the first match, then 3-1 in the second. I can't understand why China isn't dominating football when they do so well in the Olympics. It's not like football isn't popular in China. Playing football is not popular in China. People watch games of European leagues or World Cup, but few of them actually get to the court. Chinese football players have regular high bonuses anyway, so it doesn't matter whether they play seriously or not. By the way,CN women's football isn't like that. Because football is the very pricy sport to invest to being the best, and the talent of the ppl is hard to spot on. Plus it is the meta sport in the world, it pretty hard to compete with other country. So They mainly focus those sport that 小，巧，难，女，少，simply translate to small (Non-meta), skill base, hard, female and less people participate, like Ping pong, gymnastics, the swimming contest u never heard of, badminton etc. Those sport r cost less to training and less ppl care about the sport, it pretty ez to get the gold metal with those sport. Ping pong is hard ngl. Also China had world class women's volleyball team which won silver & gold medals. Women's volleyball is highly competitive. In my opinion China is a sleeping giant on football. They will eventually streamline their football program from grassroots. Not if they don't start taking football seriously and put in the effort to train the fuck out of the players.
Playing football is not popular in China. People watch games of European leagues or World Cup, but few of them actually get to the court.
Chinese football players have regular high bonuses anyway, so it doesn't matter whether they play seriously or not. By the way,CN women's football isn't like that.
Because football is the very pricy sport to invest to being the best, and the talent of the ppl is hard to spot on. Plus it is the meta sport in the world, it pretty hard to compete with other country. So They mainly focus those sport that 小，巧，难，女，少，simply translate to small (Non-meta), skill base, hard, female and less people participate, like Ping pong, gymnastics, the swimming contest u never heard of, badminton etc. Those sport r cost less to training and less ppl care about the sport, it pretty ez to get the gold metal with those sport. Ping pong is hard ngl. Also China had world class women's volleyball team which won silver & gold medals. Women's volleyball is highly competitive. In my opinion China is a sleeping giant on football. They will eventually streamline their football program from grassroots. Not if they don't start taking football seriously and put in the effort to train the fuck out of the players.
Ping pong is hard ngl. Also China had world class women's volleyball team which won silver & gold medals. Women's volleyball is highly competitive. In my opinion China is a sleeping giant on football. They will eventually streamline their football program from grassroots. Not if they don't start taking football seriously and put in the effort to train the fuck out of the players.
Not if they don't start taking football seriously and put in the effort to train the fuck out of the players.
Absolutely agreed!
Who wins?! 😭 Japan of course. It’s football/soccer What's the ranking for football in the Asian region these days? S. Korea and Japan still dominating? Japan far above other teams. south Korea and Iran second tier. Then Saudi, Qatar and Australia. Indonesia approaching their level fast with basically an all-Dutch squad. Then probably DPR Korea, Uzbekistan and UAE. China is around the same level as Thailand, Vietnam, Syria, Oman, Bahrain and Kyrgyzstan. With the current speed of decline, Chinese football will be caught up by Malaysia and Singapore in a few years. Stop talking about Chinese football , please, this maybe the only thing we wanna be ignored :< It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive. Well considering Sun Wukong is the myth that inspired Goku… I think you gotta go with the OG. They are both the embodiment of “nah, I’d win” and then they do and so seniority’s gotta take it I think.
Japan of course. It’s football/soccer What's the ranking for football in the Asian region these days? S. Korea and Japan still dominating? Japan far above other teams. south Korea and Iran second tier. Then Saudi, Qatar and Australia. Indonesia approaching their level fast with basically an all-Dutch squad. Then probably DPR Korea, Uzbekistan and UAE. China is around the same level as Thailand, Vietnam, Syria, Oman, Bahrain and Kyrgyzstan. With the current speed of decline, Chinese football will be caught up by Malaysia and Singapore in a few years. Stop talking about Chinese football , please, this maybe the only thing we wanna be ignored :< It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive.
What's the ranking for football in the Asian region these days? S. Korea and Japan still dominating? Japan far above other teams. south Korea and Iran second tier. Then Saudi, Qatar and Australia. Indonesia approaching their level fast with basically an all-Dutch squad. Then probably DPR Korea, Uzbekistan and UAE. China is around the same level as Thailand, Vietnam, Syria, Oman, Bahrain and Kyrgyzstan. With the current speed of decline, Chinese football will be caught up by Malaysia and Singapore in a few years. Stop talking about Chinese football , please, this maybe the only thing we wanna be ignored :< It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive.
Japan far above other teams. south Korea and Iran second tier. Then Saudi, Qatar and Australia. Indonesia approaching their level fast with basically an all-Dutch squad. Then probably DPR Korea, Uzbekistan and UAE. China is around the same level as Thailand, Vietnam, Syria, Oman, Bahrain and Kyrgyzstan. With the current speed of decline, Chinese football will be caught up by Malaysia and Singapore in a few years. Stop talking about Chinese football , please, this maybe the only thing we wanna be ignored :< It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive.
Stop talking about Chinese football , please, this maybe the only thing we wanna be ignored :< It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive.
It doesn’t upset me talking about things that we are poor at. Reality isn’t offensive.
Well considering Sun Wukong is the myth that inspired Goku… I think you gotta go with the OG. They are both the embodiment of “nah, I’d win” and then they do and so seniority’s gotta take it I think.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Separate_Court_7820 点赞: 82 时间: 2024-11-19T20:10:23.551000+0000 内容: The monkey is going to lose You’re right. Japan won 3-1 lol Lol I meant to write that comment in Frieza’s voice This makes this poster 10x more hilarious to think about it in that context. That and it’s basically Goku v. Goku 🤣 He's fighting himself, he'll win either way.
You’re right. Japan won 3-1 lol Lol I meant to write that comment in Frieza’s voice This makes this poster 10x more hilarious to think about it in that context. That and it’s basically Goku v. Goku 🤣
Lol I meant to write that comment in Frieza’s voice This makes this poster 10x more hilarious to think about it in that context. That and it’s basically Goku v. Goku 🤣
This makes this poster 10x more hilarious to think about it in that context. That and it’s basically Goku v. Goku 🤣
He's fighting himself, he'll win either way.
Well, let’s be honest here It means china will win? No. Japan as of rn is by far the stronger team. Unless some kind of miracle happens b4 or on the field China is basically guaranteed to lose. That's my HK team.... which is somehow worse than China's. Ah okay I’m not into football so I thought the OP meant china was going to win because goku is a reflection of wukong which I think logically wukong is the stronger guy? So I thought he meant china was going to win. Thanks for clearing it up! Goku is WAY stronger than bmw Wukong
It means china will win? No. Japan as of rn is by far the stronger team. Unless some kind of miracle happens b4 or on the field China is basically guaranteed to lose. That's my HK team.... which is somehow worse than China's. Ah okay I’m not into football so I thought the OP meant china was going to win because goku is a reflection of wukong which I think logically wukong is the stronger guy? So I thought he meant china was going to win. Thanks for clearing it up! Goku is WAY stronger than bmw Wukong
No. Japan as of rn is by far the stronger team. Unless some kind of miracle happens b4 or on the field China is basically guaranteed to lose. That's my HK team.... which is somehow worse than China's. Ah okay I’m not into football so I thought the OP meant china was going to win because goku is a reflection of wukong which I think logically wukong is the stronger guy? So I thought he meant china was going to win. Thanks for clearing it up! Goku is WAY stronger than bmw Wukong
That's my HK team.... which is somehow worse than China's.
That's my HK team.... which is somehow worse than China's.
Ah okay I’m not into football so I thought the OP meant china was going to win because goku is a reflection of wukong which I think logically wukong is the stronger guy? So I thought he meant china was going to win. Thanks for clearing it up! Goku is WAY stronger than bmw Wukong
Goku is WAY stronger than bmw Wukong
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Hwordin 点赞: 32 时间: 2024-11-19T20:20:54.581000+0000 内容: The Chinese advertisement for Euro 2012 They are good at making adds there're some movie poster company in china that're fantastic, i'm so over hollywood's lazy ass "line up the faces" movie posters
there're some movie poster company in china that're fantastic, i'm so over hollywood's lazy ass "line up the faces" movie posters
Hahahaha, both are versions of Wukong manifestation.
Come the fuck on now. Wukong absolutely do not deserve this. Chinese soccer is the most atrociously shameless shit ever Well the line on the right says "it's okay to lose the game, but we can't lose our spirit". our hs basketball made this whole motivation video in the middle of their 25-game losing streak lol, this has the same vibe I'm not sure about it. Your HS made a motivation video so it seems at least it aims to lift the morale so the team can break the losing streak. The Chinese fans at this point don't even expect the Chinese team to win anymore, certainly not against powerhouses like Japan. They merely hope they don't lose too badly. no one else at our school thought they would win a game either lol 🤣 Yeah Chinese football has no spirit, they actually are just shameless from top to bottom, Wukong is something to be proud of. Chinese mens football should disappear from existence. Any other sport yes. The Chinese soccer team? Just a bunch of pussies. Should have put the shaolin soccer protagonist there instead. Agree agree agree So was the destined one in the beginning lol more like the one boss every destined one beats with 0 problem
Well the line on the right says "it's okay to lose the game, but we can't lose our spirit". our hs basketball made this whole motivation video in the middle of their 25-game losing streak lol, this has the same vibe I'm not sure about it. Your HS made a motivation video so it seems at least it aims to lift the morale so the team can break the losing streak. The Chinese fans at this point don't even expect the Chinese team to win anymore, certainly not against powerhouses like Japan. They merely hope they don't lose too badly. no one else at our school thought they would win a game either lol 🤣 Yeah Chinese football has no spirit, they actually are just shameless from top to bottom, Wukong is something to be proud of. Chinese mens football should disappear from existence. Any other sport yes. The Chinese soccer team? Just a bunch of pussies.
our hs basketball made this whole motivation video in the middle of their 25-game losing streak lol, this has the same vibe I'm not sure about it. Your HS made a motivation video so it seems at least it aims to lift the morale so the team can break the losing streak. The Chinese fans at this point don't even expect the Chinese team to win anymore, certainly not against powerhouses like Japan. They merely hope they don't lose too badly. no one else at our school thought they would win a game either lol 🤣
I'm not sure about it. Your HS made a motivation video so it seems at least it aims to lift the morale so the team can break the losing streak. The Chinese fans at this point don't even expect the Chinese team to win anymore, certainly not against powerhouses like Japan. They merely hope they don't lose too badly. no one else at our school thought they would win a game either lol 🤣
no one else at our school thought they would win a game either lol 🤣
🤣
Yeah Chinese football has no spirit, they actually are just shameless from top to bottom, Wukong is something to be proud of. Chinese mens football should disappear from existence.
Any other sport yes. The Chinese soccer team? Just a bunch of pussies.
Should have put the shaolin soccer protagonist there instead.
Agree agree agree
So was the destined one in the beginning lol more like the one boss every destined one beats with 0 problem
more like the one boss every destined one beats with 0 problem
There’s no bigger joke than the Chinese men’s national team
Oh, sweet Destiny.
I need this hanging in my room… how do I make this happen? made it my phone wallpaper for starters
made it my phone wallpaper for starters
China lost the game 1-3 but it was well fought. Against a team that has recently been reaching knockout rounds at the world cup, they managed to keep the game tight and cagey till the end, and scored the first goal against Japan in decades, which is also the first non-own goal Japan conceded in this group. China currently sits last in a group that also has Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Australia, and Indonesia, but only on goal difference. One point separates all 5 teams except Japan.
Kinda funny cuz technically they're the same name just in different languages
中国队真不要脸，把自己比成孙悟空。我们督促中国队对此做出道歉！
Pretty sure a death battle between these two would be more interesting
You filthy monkeyyyyyys!!!! -Freezer
Monkey vs monke
The poster really nails the essence of perseverance. In the world of sports, sometimes the spirit matters more than the scoreboard. Can't help but admire the creativity behind it, even if the reality is a bit grim for the team.
Hard as fuck
That's fucking dope
The Chinese fans are so fucking petty, they were all booing when the National Anthem of Japan started playing 😂 (China lost 3-1 btw)
It should be inverted becuz wukong would absolutely slam goku
Lmao
Bahahahaha Some time in the distant future, China will have a competent football team Post it to r/China !
Sick NASTY!
If I did not know how corrupt the Chinese soccer teams are, I would be so happy seeing this. But fk! They are not even worth 1 single asshair of Wukong.
This is cringe. The Chinese men's national soccer team is not comparable to Wukong AT ALL. They simply suck.
Son Goku didn't need to go any further than SSJ
Very interesting because Goku is also based on JTTW. I think it would be good to use Naruto or something else. That was the whole point Dude no way you're this daft lol Like the other comment said, that's the point of them using the characters. Additionally, the caption says "we might lose, but we will never keep trying" or something along those lines wouldn't work because Wukong would destroy Naruto.
That was the whole point
Dude no way you're this daft lol
Like the other comment said, that's the point of them using the characters. Additionally, the caption says "we might lose, but we will never keep trying" or something along those lines wouldn't work because Wukong would destroy Naruto.
版主已移除评论 There's no changing of anything, they are both the same words 悟空 just pronounced differently; Wukong in Mandarin and Goku in Japanese. What was the original comment?
There's no changing of anything, they are both the same words 悟空 just pronounced differently; Wukong in Mandarin and Goku in Japanese. What was the original comment?
What was the original comment?
not really a soccer fan... how are asian teams compared to western teams? To put it into perspective, asian countries are the ‘Son of Stones’ of international football. what physical sport do asians dominate or are good at? Badminton, tennis, swimming, cricket, just to name a few What about baseball That as well for sure! diving Table tennis is still mostly Asian dominated. Women's volleyball used to be competitive too. Japanese volleyball both men & women won silver medals in VNL this year.
To put it into perspective, asian countries are the ‘Son of Stones’ of international football. what physical sport do asians dominate or are good at? Badminton, tennis, swimming, cricket, just to name a few What about baseball That as well for sure! diving Table tennis is still mostly Asian dominated. Women's volleyball used to be competitive too. Japanese volleyball both men & women won silver medals in VNL this year.
what physical sport do asians dominate or are good at? Badminton, tennis, swimming, cricket, just to name a few What about baseball That as well for sure! diving Table tennis is still mostly Asian dominated. Women's volleyball used to be competitive too. Japanese volleyball both men & women won silver medals in VNL this year.
Badminton, tennis, swimming, cricket, just to name a few What about baseball That as well for sure!
What about baseball That as well for sure!
That as well for sure!
diving
Table tennis is still mostly Asian dominated. Women's volleyball used to be competitive too. Japanese volleyball both men & women won silver medals in VNL this year.
Japanese volleyball both men & women won silver medals in VNL this year.
We need more of this in anything, anywhere!
Lmaooo fuckin awesome
The real OG vs the anime clone.
Monkey VS Monkey
That's a sick poster.
That’s godlike.
So WuKong vs WuKong
This is cool AF.
This looks sick
Son Goku vs Son Wukong. Hard.
The poster really captures the struggle of being a fan of the Chinese national team. It's like the ultimate underdog story where the spirit of perseverance shines brighter than the scoreboard. At least they’re not giving up, right?
Lore accurate Wukong (because I've died an embarrassing amount of times to the many tiers of fuckery in this game)
i really want to buy this somewhere
This has me grinning ear to ear 🙌 so cool
😂 they call their national soccer team Wukong? If Wukong was always as shitty as that , Japanese definitely wouldn't create Goku 🤣 Damn the fuck did Chinese people do to you?
Damn the fuck did Chinese people do to you?
Where can I buy these posters?!??!
Can someone give me the official link where the poster has been used? Please? https://m.weibo.cn/status/5102397364634012?jumpfrom=weibocom ( found by u/hiimonsoon )
https://m.weibo.cn/status/5102397364634012?jumpfrom=weibocom ( found by u/hiimonsoon )
So who’d you reckon would win Defo wukong, but only after becoming buddha
Defo wukong, but only after becoming buddha
Is there any link without text?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Gsgunboy 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-20T03:35:43.190000+0000 内容: This is so goddamn awesome!!
This is great on so many levels. Thinking of using it as my phone background
Goku is just OP, that stick isn’t gonna do anything. Chat did this man take his pills? He clearly delusional
Chat did this man take his pills? He clearly delusional
I would not compare Wukong with Chinese soccer team in a million years lmao.
That’s fire
Who won the match?
Goku stomps. Goku stomps in anger because wukong can beat goku because goku was based off of wukong
Goku stomps in anger because wukong can beat goku because goku was based off of wukong
Akira Toriyama is beloved everywhere
sick
Damn where can I get that in high quality to print it please
This will make such a sweet wallpaper!
I was a dragon ball fan my entire life with only vague knowledge of the wukong myth through son goku and dragon ball until black myth so it’s weird seeing it all come full circle here.
Hope we can be chill like that in the poster some day...   In reality, not only did our fans boo during the japanese national anthem, we also attacked fans who were wearing japanese jerseys after losing the game.  We act like a bunch of barbaric fans of an incompetent team.
Mehr, who would win in this match up? If Goku achieved Buddha hood maybe otherwise its always wukong.
“We may be beaten into losing, but we will never be beaten into falling.” Or “We may lose in the game, but we will never lose in spirit.” Is what a more literal translation of the words means. The point however is not talking about losing before the game happened, as in Chinese (1) “xxx will happen no matter what happens” is a phrase not as strong as just giving/stating an example of the worse outcome and say “xxx will happen even in this [scenario]”. So what this sentence is really saying is they’ll “never fall in spirit no matter what happens in the game”.
No no no, the Chinese male football team does not deserve Wukong
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Sea_Animator_2514 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-21T03:23:38.524000+0000 内容:
That monkey is lvl1 Destined One, for sure
China football is not worthy to be compared with Wukong.
🔥🔥🔥 Is this for sale? Where?
This might be the hardest image ever posted on the internet
How strangely respectful.
