I'm turning 29 soon. Being a gamer since childhood, I have found myself losing interest on gaming in recent years. Just a few years back I can sit here playing those story driven RPG games or online games like LOL, warframe and destiny 2 for hours nonstop, but can't seem to enjoy any game for longer than 1 hour straight, and then losing interest on it in like a week or so in the past 2 years, that is until I met Genshin last year. ================================================================================  评论列表:
37...sigh... Work from 15:00 to 23:00 Monday to Friday. Get an hour of playtime when I get home and family is asleep. track me We are the same person Turning 36 myself next month. We might need a discord for 30+ Genshin Gamers, I think it'd be pretty cool. DM me if y'all want to play games while complaining about work, rent, taxes, kids, being both too young and too old at the same time. Edit: I do run a small discord community, but the thought of sending hundreds of DMs out is going to both be a pain for me and probably cause a lot of spam on the server. So if you are really interested in joining a chill discord. It is primarily PC Gaming, but open to all mature players, English Speaking, North America Based and has a tight but active community, DM me on discord at ISEGaming#1359 and that'll help give people a chance to acclimate to one another. Thanks. Count me in! Turned 30 this year. A discord would be cool. Count me in. I am still 25, but with a child, wife and lot of work to do I feel much older most of the time 32 guess I fit the bill. Still enjoy gaming of all kinds. Genshin is certainly a gem that you can put it 10mins a day or even hours if you feel like it. Retired housewife, but also 37 as of this year. Mostly spend my time cleaning, or prepping for cleaning. Kind of going a bit stir crazy, but finding job markets that work with my skillset and my disability (physically mute) was difficult enough before the pandemic, s'a total ballache now. So it's a lot of me, my cats, and my gaming copium. :| Usually only get in 1-2 hours in the morning while getting coffee, then I'm usually preoccupied until after dinner... when most of my mates are home, so it's off to some other game instead. Wash, rinse, repeat. Wouldn't change those parts, but having something to do BESIDES clean would be nice on occasion. Alas. I am 33 :) actually today was my bday 40 year old female here. I relate. I have a newborn at home, and my 30 minutes of Genshin each day is keeping me sane.
We are the same person Turning 36 myself next month. We might need a discord for 30+ Genshin Gamers, I think it'd be pretty cool. DM me if y'all want to play games while complaining about work, rent, taxes, kids, being both too young and too old at the same time. Edit: I do run a small discord community, but the thought of sending hundreds of DMs out is going to both be a pain for me and probably cause a lot of spam on the server. So if you are really interested in joining a chill discord. It is primarily PC Gaming, but open to all mature players, English Speaking, North America Based and has a tight but active community, DM me on discord at ISEGaming#1359 and that'll help give people a chance to acclimate to one another. Thanks. Count me in! Turned 30 this year. A discord would be cool. Count me in. I am still 25, but with a child, wife and lot of work to do I feel much older most of the time 32 guess I fit the bill. Still enjoy gaming of all kinds. Genshin is certainly a gem that you can put it 10mins a day or even hours if you feel like it.
Turning 36 myself next month. We might need a discord for 30+ Genshin Gamers, I think it'd be pretty cool. DM me if y'all want to play games while complaining about work, rent, taxes, kids, being both too young and too old at the same time. Edit: I do run a small discord community, but the thought of sending hundreds of DMs out is going to both be a pain for me and probably cause a lot of spam on the server. So if you are really interested in joining a chill discord. It is primarily PC Gaming, but open to all mature players, English Speaking, North America Based and has a tight but active community, DM me on discord at ISEGaming#1359 and that'll help give people a chance to acclimate to one another. Thanks. Count me in! Turned 30 this year. A discord would be cool. Count me in. I am still 25, but with a child, wife and lot of work to do I feel much older most of the time 32 guess I fit the bill. Still enjoy gaming of all kinds. Genshin is certainly a gem that you can put it 10mins a day or even hours if you feel like it.
Count me in!
Turned 30 this year. A discord would be cool.
Count me in. I am still 25, but with a child, wife and lot of work to do I feel much older most of the time
32 guess I fit the bill. Still enjoy gaming of all kinds. Genshin is certainly a gem that you can put it 10mins a day or even hours if you feel like it.
Retired housewife, but also 37 as of this year. Mostly spend my time cleaning, or prepping for cleaning. Kind of going a bit stir crazy, but finding job markets that work with my skillset and my disability (physically mute) was difficult enough before the pandemic, s'a total ballache now. So it's a lot of me, my cats, and my gaming copium. :| Usually only get in 1-2 hours in the morning while getting coffee, then I'm usually preoccupied until after dinner... when most of my mates are home, so it's off to some other game instead. Wash, rinse, repeat. Wouldn't change those parts, but having something to do BESIDES clean would be nice on occasion. Alas.
I am 33 :) actually today was my bday
40 year old female here. I relate.
I have a newborn at home, and my 30 minutes of Genshin each day is keeping me sane.
32 year old teacher about to start the school year tomorrow. good luck, hope the teaching goes well! 29 year old university teacher, playing in classrooms sometimes... When students aren't there lol. 29 year old college teacher here. My students saw Genshin on my desktop one time and keep asking me to add them but I won't budge lol. 25 year old private teacher, sometimes my students ask me about genshin when they see on my laptop too and I let them play 10 minutes if they finish their assignments on time. Every kid dream teachers..YOU AWESOME!!! Wow thank you :) Its all fun and game until one of them switch to the wishing screen XD Lol pulled one time for them I got debate club 😝 Your comment made me do a double take. I'm down here in the southern hemisphere wondering why your school year starts in September!
good luck, hope the teaching goes well!
29 year old university teacher, playing in classrooms sometimes... When students aren't there lol.
29 year old college teacher here. My students saw Genshin on my desktop one time and keep asking me to add them but I won't budge lol. 25 year old private teacher, sometimes my students ask me about genshin when they see on my laptop too and I let them play 10 minutes if they finish their assignments on time. Every kid dream teachers..YOU AWESOME!!! Wow thank you :) Its all fun and game until one of them switch to the wishing screen XD Lol pulled one time for them I got debate club 😝
25 year old private teacher, sometimes my students ask me about genshin when they see on my laptop too and I let them play 10 minutes if they finish their assignments on time. Every kid dream teachers..YOU AWESOME!!! Wow thank you :) Its all fun and game until one of them switch to the wishing screen XD Lol pulled one time for them I got debate club 😝
Every kid dream teachers..YOU AWESOME!!! Wow thank you :)
Wow thank you :)
Its all fun and game until one of them switch to the wishing screen XD Lol pulled one time for them I got debate club 😝
Lol pulled one time for them I got debate club 😝
Your comment made me do a double take. I'm down here in the southern hemisphere wondering why your school year starts in September!
I am arguably old AF compared to a teenager and I love this game. I even got my actual teenager to play. If I have a kid I’d legit help him/her pull for some characters lol. Or make them work for it lol. 😂 That's a cool parent I dragged my father into the game. He is better than me now 😂😂 Parenting done right! That’s so cool Just keep their spending spree or addiction side of gacha under control. I seen enough parents blaming Mihoyo for getting their kids addicted while they themselves neglected their own kid until the bad symptoms start to show up.
If I have a kid I’d legit help him/her pull for some characters lol. Or make them work for it lol. 😂 That's a cool parent
That's a cool parent
I dragged my father into the game. He is better than me now 😂😂
Parenting done right! That’s so cool
Just keep their spending spree or addiction side of gacha under control. I seen enough parents blaming Mihoyo for getting their kids addicted while they themselves neglected their own kid until the bad symptoms start to show up.
I'm 26yo grad student here. I play like 30min-1h a day. Definitely did not expect myself to love a gacha game. I now understand why this genre is so popular. To people like me who does not have much time to play, gacha game are the perfect choice. And Genshin has insane quality on top of it which make me play this game religiously Ah I missed video games so much when I was in grad school! This was the longest gaps of time I ever had between gaming, maybe only once a month. I would have loved something like Genshin back then Also a 26yo grad student here, in the field of deep learning. I love the research but the field is extremely competitive so life gets very stressful.. sometimes I can really use a fairytale with beautiful music, cute (but expensive) characters and pretty visuals. Also, I watched lots of anime before undergrad, so it's nice to sort of relive my childhood in a more interactive way. Same. I'm not even an anime fan but I enjoy this game so much.
Ah I missed video games so much when I was in grad school! This was the longest gaps of time I ever had between gaming, maybe only once a month. I would have loved something like Genshin back then
Also a 26yo grad student here, in the field of deep learning. I love the research but the field is extremely competitive so life gets very stressful.. sometimes I can really use a fairytale with beautiful music, cute (but expensive) characters and pretty visuals. Also, I watched lots of anime before undergrad, so it's nice to sort of relive my childhood in a more interactive way.
Same. I'm not even an anime fan but I enjoy this game so much.
I'm a 53 m,  single ,factory worker. I used to play mmo's a lot but grew tired of the time investments. This game is almost the same scope of an mmo without being an mmorpg. Love it so far. Yea the best part is the time investment. You can put in the bare minimum or spend a lot of time in the open world. It’s great. How were you introduced to Genshin, if you don't mind me asking. A younger(26yo) guy at work told me about it. We chat about gaming at work.
Yea the best part is the time investment. You can put in the bare minimum or spend a lot of time in the open world. It’s great.
How were you introduced to Genshin, if you don't mind me asking. A younger(26yo) guy at work told me about it. We chat about gaming at work.
A younger(26yo) guy at work told me about it. We chat about gaming at work.
I'm a 32 years old high school teacher. I play every single day as soon as I get home, as I don't have any social life 😅. I also play Honkai. I LOVE these two games. I'm similar in that aspect, I only have 1 - 2 friends that I talk to and hangout occasionally. Been looking for a game that I can enjoy in the long term and genshin has been it even though I'm not really a anime fan at all
I'm similar in that aspect, I only have 1 - 2 friends that I talk to and hangout occasionally. Been looking for a game that I can enjoy in the long term and genshin has been it even though I'm not really a anime fan at all
I remember joining a random co-op party once, they were all teenagers exchanging their ages.  One of them said something like imagine being 25 and still playing this game, 22 maybe, but 25 that's too much.  Nice to see that there's a lot of 25+ playing.  When I was younger this was exactly the type of game I was looking for in the app store, but now that I'm older I can't farm as hardcore as I used to.  I can't even find the time to play all my games on steam library.  I just log in, do the dailies, use up my resin or at least try to convert them, then log out.  I tend to save the story/side quests, events, abyss, world exploration, and treasure hunting on my off days. Wish we had some hero to make an old farts discord for co-op. While i love genshin giving the freedom to play solo, once in a while i get the itch to play with others, and it feels so weird getting nostalgic when most of the folks on my fl r college age talking about finals, and I'm like yeah, i remember those while dying a bit inside feeling old. Feel exactly same here. Saving those stories for later. Big big fan of the music, it is so good that I wish I could've had something like this when I was a teenager. Imo the music is at least 50% of its success.
Wish we had some hero to make an old farts discord for co-op. While i love genshin giving the freedom to play solo, once in a while i get the itch to play with others, and it feels so weird getting nostalgic when most of the folks on my fl r college age talking about finals, and I'm like yeah, i remember those while dying a bit inside feeling old.
Feel exactly same here. Saving those stories for later. Big big fan of the music, it is so good that I wish I could've had something like this when I was a teenager. Imo the music is at least 50% of its success.
40 yo here, I love to play with my husband afterwork and a bit more in the morning,  this game has brought us back to the time when we started to play MMORPGs with the plus that we can play at our own pace
35, professor. Work from 8am to 11 pm 365 days a year. Have wife and kid. Playing Genshin since day 1. This game is perfect for me to spend 20-60 minutes per day because I can log in and out to clear daily between my meetings. I will have no time for any game that requires me play for 1 hr continuously. I used to play Baldur’s gate and elder scroll 3 a lot. Still remember how I beg my parents for money to buy new games when I was in high school. And now I can dump my own money for 2d wifes. People need way to release stress from work and family, so why not. Ohhhh man! I realized I was a bit addicted to video games with Baldur's Gate. XD I think that's what got me really into them. I played Sonic, etc, when I was younger but Baldur's gate was a whoooole new level for me. :)
Ohhhh man! I realized I was a bit addicted to video games with Baldur's Gate. XD I think that's what got me really into them. I played Sonic, etc, when I was younger but Baldur's gate was a whoooole new level for me. :)
I'm 32 since i don't work in a 9 to 5 job environment, i can play anytime i want
I'm 40, and I no longer have the time nor the energy for massive timesinks like WoW, but I can't help but miss the music and scenery as I journeyed all over Azeroth to take part in epic struggles that decide the fate of the world. I'm lucky that now I get to enjoy playing together with my family of 4 with me as Zhongli the tank, my wife as Eula the melee dps, my son as Yoimiya the ranged dps, and my little daughter as Barbara for heals, as we journey all over Teyvat to whack hilichurls for some fun family bonding.
Im 28 and realized that age really doesnt matter. Everyone of us is a confuse kid acting like we know more than what we do. This felt more correct after i saw the vid from Steve of blue's clues, but i digress. What i want to say is I enjoy genshin just like you. Damn, I'm 29 and that video from Steve broke me, it was awesome to see him again
Damn, I'm 29 and that video from Steve broke me, it was awesome to see him again
I’m 32. I usually play 2-3 hours a day on mobile and I started playing in January. Before playing Genshin I was playing Elder Scrolls Online for a couple years and I was ready for something new. I also was playing Assassins Creed Valhalla before Genshin, which I do want to get back into eventually, but right now Genshin has been more fun. I really love open world games without a heavy reliance on co op. I usually was a solo player when I played ESO and I was paying their monthly premium around $15/month, so I cancelled my premium and starting paying for BP and Welkin in April. Felt like a good equivalent. Same. I've always been enjoying story driven single/multiplayer games more comparing to pvp online games. But I can't seem to enjoy other similar games like I used to for some reason in the last 2 years.
Same. I've always been enjoying story driven single/multiplayer games more comparing to pvp online games. But I can't seem to enjoy other similar games like I used to for some reason in the last 2 years.
28. Full time job. Honestly only get to play on days off if I have nothing going on. So many great things but all them aside, it’s the elemental reactions and flashy gameplay that gives me the same excitement I got from games as a teenager. And most games I’ve ever played were for the lore and the story so that’s there. However the little girls In panties making questionable noises makes me somewhat embarrassed to not only play but also try and get friends to play. I get you I'm 22 but I feel embarrassed to play with especially the 'loli' characters like Diona
I get you I'm 22 but I feel embarrassed to play with especially the 'loli' characters like Diona
35, female, don't have kids, my husband is gamer too. I work 9.00 - 18.00. I used to be hardcore mmo gamer, raid leader and could play like 14 hours straight. After I realized that I cant compete with teenagers in pvp due to slow reflexes I moved to ccg and singles. So I'm not interested in other types of entrrtaiment, don't have heavy family responsibilities and play genshin 1-3 hours on weekdays and more on weekend.
34 year old doctor who loves to play. Stopped all pc, ps games. Only this ,right now is feeding my childhood days of playing fable and diablo This game can be played casually when i get the free time. No restrictions but for the resin system. I'm a 27 yo PGY1 Playing since day 1, even now when I'm dying in first yr of IM residency
I'm a 27 yo PGY1 Playing since day 1, even now when I'm dying in first yr of IM residency
I'm also around the age of the people in this thread. There are WAY more of us than you think. The reason why it seems like the majority of the player base are teenagers is because teenagers are the ones with the time to frequent reddit all the time. I used to do that after release but it became tiring after 2 months in. Too much drama and arguing with children here. If you are older with a job, families etc.. you're not gonna spend hours on reddit reading about some dumb drama, you barely have enough time to spend on Genshin as it is. According to data i saw last week, 80% of Asian players (CN and JP) are males and most of them are above 25 years old (average age is 35). WE are the freaking majority in this game. I also used to be able to play long JRPGs for half a day or grind an MMO all night long. But when you get older you have less time and also less attention span(?) i think? I feel tired after playing a game for 1-2hrs nowadays so the gacha model is actually more suited to adults than teenagers. You'll see teenagers have the loudest voices in the community because they have the TIME to interact and make fanarts etc...while adults have the money to spend on those games. Nobody really thinks whales or dolphins are made up of teenagers right? Anyway, if some dumb kids say you're too old to play this game (saw that in this thread), whether you are 25 or 30 or 35 or 60? Tell them that we pay for all this shjt so they better STFU if they wanna see the ending to this story. there was this one time that i added a friend from random coop. he was very chatty and respectful i was a chatty guy too so with the everyday chill chat i thought we are both 30+ lol but after 2mos i learned that he is just 12 lollll and when i said i am already 30, he then put down his pride and stopped all the calculated cool sentences and started to not hesitate asking me a lot of question in builds and team comps lol. he was a great kid and wanted to learn lots of difficult stuff in genshin and was in the end a jumpy happy kid like klee I think it's less about attention span as we get older and more about time being scarce and therefore too valuable to waste grinding. Gachas are a great amount of play per day, and if you want more you can just start a second gacha. It's telling that people here have no idea who funds the game when they say that 4* units sell banners or that the main reason people spend is to flex online.
there was this one time that i added a friend from random coop. he was very chatty and respectful i was a chatty guy too so with the everyday chill chat i thought we are both 30+ lol but after 2mos i learned that he is just 12 lollll and when i said i am already 30, he then put down his pride and stopped all the calculated cool sentences and started to not hesitate asking me a lot of question in builds and team comps lol. he was a great kid and wanted to learn lots of difficult stuff in genshin and was in the end a jumpy happy kid like klee
I think it's less about attention span as we get older and more about time being scarce and therefore too valuable to waste grinding. Gachas are a great amount of play per day, and if you want more you can just start a second gacha. It's telling that people here have no idea who funds the game when they say that 4* units sell banners or that the main reason people spend is to flex online.
Let’s say I’m preparing my own funeral fund and start hearing my friends leaving this world one by one. Jesus christ are you okay? Sir please are you ok?
Jesus christ are you okay?
Sir please are you ok?
28 (29 in a few days too) edit: I’m working from 8:00 to 17:00, after that I play about 30 minutes to 1 hour per day because I have other things to do like make the lunch for the next day, some exercise etc, in weekends probably 2 or 3 hours because my real friends can play too.
I'm in my late 20s, most of my friends are around my age and we all play Genshin for different reasons, be it to chill/follow the meta/husbands/waifus.
I could be most players dad and have kids and a wife... God damn time passed by... I love Genshin because of limited gaming time. The 30 min Genshin gives me the same satisfaction as 10 hours grinding in other games a few years ago. I love it. totally relate to this. adult life sucks lol I love it. Kids CAN be the best thing in life... Sometimes exhausting as hell... xD Accessible grinding for the modern player! Although, I’d probably be grinding for longer amounts of time if we had more resin
totally relate to this. adult life sucks lol I love it. Kids CAN be the best thing in life... Sometimes exhausting as hell... xD
I love it. Kids CAN be the best thing in life... Sometimes exhausting as hell... xD
Accessible grinding for the modern player! Although, I’d probably be grinding for longer amounts of time if we had more resin
I’m 29 and love this game since I downloaded it on a whim on mobile. Got a ps4 mainly to olay genshin but to game in general as I had given last one to my nephews and was using a switch. I sometimes have moments of less engagement but I still jump on everyday and do my dailies and spend some resin. All the story quests are amazing to me and I love all the characters designs and stories I can’t wait till we know even more about the lore and land. Will be sad when the game comes to an end hope that Dosent Happen! For me, it was from an in-game ad when I was playing on of those download-and-play-for-20mins-then-delete Android games. I was usually skeptical about those stupid in-game ads, and I hardly ever downloaded mobile games, only when I'm bored. I was almost certain that the actual game couldn't possibly be that good but let's see what it is since I got the entire afternoon to kill time. Thank god I've clicked download that day because I never do this. I remember the first impression was, WTF mobile game can be this good??  You can CLIMB EVERYTHING holy fk!
For me, it was from an in-game ad when I was playing on of those download-and-play-for-20mins-then-delete Android games. I was usually skeptical about those stupid in-game ads, and I hardly ever downloaded mobile games, only when I'm bored. I was almost certain that the actual game couldn't possibly be that good but let's see what it is since I got the entire afternoon to kill time. Thank god I've clicked download that day because I never do this. I remember the first impression was, WTF mobile game can be this good??  You can CLIMB EVERYTHING holy fk!
31
27 with wife and a 1.5yo son. Full time job but I'm a mobile game dev so I get to WFH, meaning my work doesn't actually start until I finished my dailies. My son is super interested in super cars' engine roar, so whenever I play he sits on my lap and I kill mobs with the sound of Ferraris and Lambos doing 300km/h on youtube.
33. Play every day for at least a bit. Only play on PC since there still isn't android controller support. Spend to much on the game. Work full time (five 8's until the end of the month, then switching to four 10's).
27, I work full time but am single/no kids so I have a lot more time to play if I feel like it- except on the 20+ hours of overtime weeks, normally just burn resin, do dailies, then go to bed. Same. And I hold off on those archon and character quest just so I can enjoy the content for a bit longer.
Same. And I hold off on those archon and character quest just so I can enjoy the content for a bit longer.
I am 58. My teenage son got me playing Skyrim last year during the lockdown. Been playing Genshin for 2 months now most days.
35 dad here. Work a standard pencil pushing 9-5 job (all at home currently) and then spend the evening with the wife and toddler. Once they are both in bed, I'm off on my adventurers for a few hours - farming things, completing quests, or helping random strangers who state they need help in their signature. This game incorporates many of my favorite things togethers - great open world environment (like Breath of the Wild, to which I grew up as a huge Zelda fan), gacha gaming where my units get better due to my own efforts (and the RNG gods), and fantastic  'anime' character design.
32 :) It's a little embarrassing to communicate with other players because of the age difference. I feel a little lonely - there are few people with whom I can make friends and discuss "grown-up" things However, I am tired of intense games like Dota, counter-strike, Hunt showdown. For me, the "relaxed hour after work" format is good for both genhin and overwatch
I'm 18, but my dad is 51 and he plays everyday after work. It's great to have the game in common because we can farm stuff together. He helps me with bosses too, since he's higher AR 😂😂😂 We have a lot of fun through genshin. I recently moved and he called just to ask me if I'd gotten Raiden. I said: "YES DAD, FIRST PULL AFTER I ARRIVED, SHE'S LEVEL 90 ALREADY". He laughed and replied: "damn you! I'll have to wait until the rerun!"
Soon-to-be 34 year old radiologist who spends a little way too much on this game. Every since I started playing, all other video games have taken a back seat lol (started during the Venti rerun). It's "awful" being a gainfully employed member of society with money to burn on a money-burning game like Genshin. Lol. But it has definitely given me a lot of joy for the past months, since I've been living away from my wife and daughter and unable to visit them due to the pandemic.
32 here. Similar idea but games lost their luster for different reasons. I have main franchises I still stick to. I will play games by recommendation (prior to Genshin was Valheim, which was great and by strange coincidence, also coded in Unity game engine as Genshin is.) For now Genshin is the go-to game, the resin format works for me 'cause just spending an hour or so a day on the game keeps me from getting sick of it. Compare this to say, Borderlands, where my grind is unrestricted and I'll keep farming until I'm sick of the game and drop it for half a year.
Not 25+, but really close. Used to play games like DOTA2, CSGO, and other good stuffs extensively during my college days. Not just playing, but actually following the meta changes, reading patch notes, and all stuffs. Now? I can only log in for daily commissions in Genshin. Sometimes. Some other times I would be too tired to do anything but sleep.
31 years old. Used to be a "mobile games aren't games" kind of person until the cruel passage of time eroded me and I found out mobile games were so much easier to play around a working schedule. Aside from Genshin, I also play Fate/Grand Order (a.k.a. Hell Incarnate), Azur Lane and Arknights. I still play console/PC games, I'm currently trying desperately to clear Breath of the Wild, but the time commitment tends to be quite worrisome so I usually limit myself to weekends and holidays. I am still very interested in JRPGs and have some games on backlog plus Tales of Arise coming out really soon. I still can manage to play these games since I have no kids or girlfriend, which is either a good or really sad thing. In Genshin, I try to clear the bare minimum of daily and weekly tasks, stuff like material farming I will put off until necessary, I'm trying to fish for The Catch but only if I have the free time and am in the mood. I try to clear floor 9 and 10 of Abyss every cycle but ignore floor 11+ because they tend to be incredibly stressful. Not gonna lie, Abyss kinda irritates me sometimes, so I put it off to the final day and sometimes forget. All in all...Genshin has a lot of offer to me just playing casually, looking forward to future content.
I’m 42! I used to be a more serious gamer when i was younger, but then life happened, and playing on my phone before bed is about all I can manage. I always feel so old when the survey comes around because I’m just dumped into the “1980 or older” group 😂
45 checking in
35 here and i spend my 1-1.5 hours i have to play genshin to relax after work
32. I adore this game
用户已删除评论
This game is like runescape. But anime. And 3d open world. That’s why I play it. god wars and khaenri’ah archon war. The complete obliteration of a faction during the war. Powerful artifacts like visions and gnosis. Just your general fantasy game. Not to mention with fishing and farming added, it won’t be long til the rest of the skills get added - and if they do, I want coop dungeoneering so we can make use of those abandoned dungeons - like temple of the falcon etc.
28 here as well. This game came at the perfect time when I wasn’t really that engrossed in any other games. I’d heard that it was an anime game inspired by BOTW and I was sold. I tried it out day one and immediately got charmed by the characters and exploration. It’s definitely been the game I’ve played the most in the last year, and I love how it never seems to slow down too much. Right when there seems to be a lull in the content a new version drops a week later.
27 with a full-time job! Genshin is the perfect game to destress with.
Feel the exact same man. When I was a teen and had no life troubles, I could spend days straight grinding on MMOs. With a full time job I don’t have that time. The little friends I have beg me to play MMOs with them like Black Desert Online or FF14, but I literally need to not have a job to get into an MMO again. Aura Kingdom was my go-to until I became an adult. Genshin has become the perfect time consumer for me. 26 here. It’s honestly nice to see people of all ages play with game, especially when I read posts on here about someone’s whole family playing co-op together. The people I meet on discord usually aren’t beyond 18 if they play Genshin, so it always made me feel like an outlier. I’m glad to see people here with many different types of jobs and lifestyles that are twice my age. You are all awesome.
I’m 28 and a whale and I work as a developer
I’m fairly new to the game but am 29 and cosplayed Razor to boot lol Edit: and if anyone wants to do co-op once I’ve advanced a bit more, HMU! Lol
I just turned 25 4 days ago
you're gonna find more 25+ players on reddit ofc. not much teens and kids going around a discussion on a game's subreddit flair filter.
I'm 28 and seeing this post and all the responses makes me happy :D I can barely play enough on workdays to avoid wasting resin because I work such long shifts, but I can play a little bit every day - a more story-driven single-player game or a more grindy MMO just aren't sustainable with the schedule. It's too short to enjoy story but taking a break for several days means I forget the story and can't get back into it. And my schedule matches nobody's so I cant really play multiplayer games with friends either (and almost none of them play Genshin). I like co-op with randoms though. The time-gating to a certain extent is a good thing for me since I cant overdo it when I have time and don't feel like Im missing anything when I dont have much :P and I get a lil rush from gambling (I dont like gambling for money because its all-or-nothing and no guarantees but gachas you always get something to improve a game youre gonna spend hours playing so I dont see it as a waste). That said I'm still pretty casual. I like collecting and building characters and weapons (not artifacts tho lol) and usually procrastinate or forget about spiral abyss :P The anime aspect definitely drew me in, too. It's fun recognizing the JP VAs and I love the art/style/graphics/design/etc.
30y/o programmer with 8hr work for 6days a week playing genshin mostly on workhours due to burnout escapism lol helps me avoid alcohol tho
31 here. Most games ask for time to be played that, with a new job and growing life responsibilities, I don't always have. I can find 30 min to an hour every day to do my dailies in Genshin, even if I don't have enough time to really get into anything. I really want to put more time into other games but that isn't always available. And when I do have longer times to play, I finish out what's available in Genshin and then I can play something from my backlog. I know I'm in the minority, but I like having daily tasks to complete: it gives me a sense of normalcy and I can have a concrete goal with my sometimes limited playtime. It tickles the same itch that doing dailies in an mmo might, but without the pressure to have a million other things to do like in an mmo. I think as an "older" player Genshin offers something valuable in that it combines new excitements (new characters, regions, quests, subreddit drama) with a sense of consistency.
turning 32 in 2 months :)
I just turned 25 this year and it was already kinda hard balancing the time for daily Genshin and daily working / house chores haha. Fully enjoy it every weekend though
38. Couldnt keep up with the time required for MMOs. Went from WoW to clash of clans to empires and puzzles and now genshin. I agree with what others said, it's a MMO without being one. Digging it so far.
31. Married. No kids yet but I run a business so my work hours are kinda all over the place. This game feeds my need for progression and gameplay without having to learn a 1000 fucking systems to make it happen
me 29, and good thing for us that we can spend our salary for primos while teenagers can't. lol.
I am 40 and I play Genshin with my 11 year old daughter :)
I'm 13, but I got my 38 year-old dad to play with me lol. I'm kinda just glad it seems like my favorite game appeals to people out of my own demographic.
44, dad with 2 princesses, ~2hrs daily escape the real world into genshin world to work for Waifus. Lol
28 year old here teaching English in Japan. It was really refreshing to read a post like this after being on Twitter most of the time. Genshin was honestly one of the best things to come out of 2020 for me. I have been playing it since launch. I was dealing with a lot of drama on FFXIV and had to take a break from the game and Genshin came out around that time. I haven't been able to put it down since I started playing it (though my play time is limited due to working full time). It's also much easier for me to play than FFXIV even though I still love FFXIV (It's just difficult for me to raid with my current time zone and work hours). Also, being able to play it on my phone during my commute to work and during my lunch break is a huge plus! It also inspired me to write and draw again so I'm very thankful for it. The characters in the game mean a lot to me and I have become very immersed with the game's lore. On top of it, the gameplay is very fun! I highly recommend it to anyone because even if you can only play casually, it's still a great game.
31 yo here, and funny fact: i'm just enter to the gaming life.I mean in my childhood i use to play some classics  like Tomb Rider II or Metal Gear Solid 1, Heart of Darkness, not sure if it's a known game. But it wasn't a constant in my life, I wasn't truly involve in games, for some reasons, money mostly, my pc became old, so sometimes I played with a lended ps1 and was there that i've met with my first rpg game: Chrono Cross even though I couldn't finish it. so my childhood is based on anime. And now I'm an adult with a stable job and money enough to truly be involved in this universe. And now that Genshin Impact was released. it's like has everything I love, Anime characters, rpg system, awesome BGM, and famous japanese voice actors that I follow. It's like I'm rediscovering myself. sorry for the long story haha, to be short I think it doesn't matter our ages in order to enjoy th things that we like. It's just find the right  time to do that.
I'm 23, and it's baffling me how similar I've been thinking the same recently. I am, little by little, losing interest in "hardcore gaming" since a couple of years now ; I still got some periods when I feel like a teenager again and want to play nonstop day and night... but it only happens every so often, and only when I got to play a really good game (I'm into JRPG and RPG for the most part) It makes me feel... nostalgic ? I don't know, I kinda like regret not being able to enjoy a thing to the fullest like I used to in the past. It's like I'm missing something while playing. I think I'm losing, over the years, what I call my "child's soul" (I'm french so it's kinda hard to translate, maybe "inner child" ? Dunno), and it's making me scared, a bit. That's why G.I is a blessing, there's some momentum (like the Osial boss fight, gosh it was incredible) when it re-awakens a little, just enough to make me think I can still enjoy things like when I was young ! While not requiring a full-time comitment like for a traditional RPG, which is exactly what young adults like us need. I'll stop here because it's already too long ahah (and not really good written lel, sorry for my english) but overall I feel like G.I is a perfect fit for me like you said, as the time being, for not losing my inner child completely. I think it's really important, even in life in general !
I’m an old man. Plz believe me.
27 years. Still in university... but well with how the things are in the country because of the covid I had much more time. Even so I play only for 2 hour. One in the morning and the rest in the night. Love the game but after a while I prefer to do something else like drawing, see some anime or something in youtube.
28 year old here and loving every moment of it. No thoughts, just vibing and enjoying the game as it comes.
I'm 37, I got into this game after going on another hiatus from FFXIV.
39 year old, married, two kids under 5 and work full time. Play in bed when the family are asleep for an hour before I snooze off. Nice relaxing way to end the day. Play alot more over the weekend when the family allows. Also play ff14. Love mmos as they allow me to stop playing at short notice if one of the kids has done something.
28 here, when I was a kid asking for stuffs from my parents often get replied by them, “No, buy whatever you want when you’re old enough using your own money”. Yeah pretty much whaled and I maxed out Zhongli’s constellations to play this game on easy mode. Best 5* stars imo if you ask me. No ragrets. 😤
37 here. From the mighty 1984. Luckily without kids, so I still have a bit of free time for myself. RIP my friends who are currently in zombie-parent-with-little-kids modus. Play a few hours casually after work.  But anything longer or doing co-op is out of the question because there's always other adult stuff to do (random chores, shopping, cooking, dishes, cleaning, gardening, etc). Because of the limited time I had, I mostly focus on story quests/events and exploring. Co-op, continuous abyss-runs and artifact grinding would take too much time, so I mostly skip those. Similarly, I'm also skipping events that would eat up lots of time (like theater mechanicus and such). Missing out on certain rewards, definitely. But you have to balance work-life-hobbies in your adult life. I did really spend a lot of time earlier this year, because work forced us to have 1 day of "technical unemployment" to save costs during COVID-times (in order not to fire people everybody had to suffer a bit). That extra day gave a lot of free time to play Genshin (and other games). I love this game, because I always loved good JRPGs and this game offers so much of a full-price JRPG while being free in essence. And it only is growing. Also, I always love exploring new locations in real-life, so being able to explore this enormous world and the new areas is so much fun. Especially when there's many things to uncover and unlock. I really love that Mihoyo is giving many exploration options when they're adding new areas. While I initially was hesitant towards Seirai Island due to its "danger" vibe, it's been a treasure trove of secrets and secret areas to uncover. It's been so much fun exploring the island.
26! Every single day after work for me. I adore this game.
I'm 40 and work full-time and would consider myself more-than-casual.  I buy Welkin and BP every month and put in at least an hour a day of game time.  Love this game.
I’m in the 30 range, and even just started streaming Genshin! I love how everything looks in the game, music, character design and aesthetics. And my new love has been meeting people online around my age who also like this game, who just want someone to talk too :D I kind of shut myself away from the world, even before pandemic, for like a year or two because life just doesn’t feel great sometimes and bad things happen etc. But recently streaming for these new internet friends I made has been really fun and it’s let me come out from under the rock again. Genshin somewhat helped me in a therapeutic kind of way :D
Me - 57 and my 73 year ol mother is a whale to this game.
Honestly Genshin and other gacha games are more tailored to working adults than other games, who may only have a hour or two of free time each day (daily commissions, resin cap, etc.) but can choose to pay for pulls if they wish. At some point, spending many hours figuring out intricate mechanics just isn't feasible anymore, you just want to have a good time in a beautiful game.
I'm 57 and I spent 8+ hours each day last weekend playing GI. Mostly fishing & exploring the new islands. (It helps that I don't have any kids at home, just a partner who can take care of himself and who also plays GI.)
Thanks for this positive post. People are missing the point of this game and becoming obsessed with numbers.
34 but I've been getting pretty bored.
Gonna be 28 soon enough. I enjoy the story and the fact that I don’t have to be on it 3-6 times a day like some other games with 2-4 hour blitz rotations. Here I can just let resin accumulate, turn it into condensed resin, and use it all on a day off. No one’s forcing me to rush through it either and I can do the weekly bosses whenever I want.
I actually wanted to make a post like this because I feel similar turning 29 this year and was thinking maybe we should make a discord server for all the older players. Would be nice to play with people in my age group time to time since a lot of my friends stopped playing.
25 y.o- been studying for competitive exams for jobs. I play 1-2 hour a day and focus mostly on dailies, get some artifacts, complete events, try to do some world quests (I haven't even started  Inazuma part two quests because I don't feel like it). The best thing about the game is getting hyped about characters and rolling for them haha. I'm a husbando hunter and they are far and few in between. I don't play fighting games etc but used to play gacha games/otome games before (for the characters/story) so it was surprise for me to like playing a "proper" game like Genshin.
42 here, my wife is 36 and we both play (me more than her, she's obsessed with Pokemon Unite right now).  I enjoy the characters and story quite a bit, and my daughter (6) likes to glide around when she sees the game.
27, I was introduced by a 9 year old though haha
26yr old engineer here. Trying to enjoy the free time that I have before that eventually goes away
34
29 and with a full-time job. This post could have been written by me, that’s exactly how I feel. Finally a game I can’t wait to play even when I’m feeling tired after work.
37. This and LoL are the two main timesinks in my gaming roster. I work from 11pm-8am, after that I play for 4-5 hours, more during days off.
Completely feel the same way. 27 yo and the last game I played to completion was Doom Eternal. I've just been so used to games as service model like LoL and R6S that playing full games becomes a struggle since it kinda feels lonely. Over time, I even grew out of these service games because they feel too repetitive and I was just playing to maintain rank and not doing anything exciting. Thought I was growing tired of games until Genshin happened. I always feel like my account is growing and the game feels fun with constant updates. I think Genshin will probably be my last game I play unless Mihoyo releases that VR game they said they're working on.
I’m 26, turning 27, still young but definitely at the point where finding time to play full length JRPG games is increasingly difficult. I much prefer chill games that doesn’t demand hours of grinding or extremely challenging games like dark souls. Genshin hits the sweet spot of my love for anime and rpg games, with great gameplay and fun exploration. Ironically I have probably spent far more time in this game then others, but it’s more enjoyable since it’s spaced out.
but can't seem to enjoy any game for longer than 1 hour straight Welcome to getting old :) I'm in my 30s and I feel the exact same way. I used to play MMOs and FPS competitively when I was younger. Now I love watching streamers and playthroughs and I think: Wow, this game looks great, I want to try it! But once I actually start playing I get bored after an hour or so. There are only a few exceptions to this, like Persona 5, which I thoroughly enjoyed playing myself for 100+ hours and gave me back my childhood love for games. I discovered gacha games a couple years ago and they satisfy a need for me. I've played around 5-10 gachas now for various periods, with Genshin being the latest. I love the meta planning aspect, and that I can spend ~30 minutes a day and still be competitive because I manage my resources in the right way. It's the same fulfilling feeling you may get from farming endlessly in an MMO, but without the time investment. Of course, being older with a lot of disposable income and playing gambling-based games is not always a favorable combination :)
27 - I work in construction management, get up at 5 am don't get home until 6 pm. It helps me wind down from all the nonsense that goes on in the job.
I'm 25, UX designer, and I play 1h - 2h every day after work since release heh It became part of my life and makes me happy. It's a way to enjoy a break after working and the house chores are done.
I’m… old enough that I’m in the oldest age group for doing their surveys. Haha! I played WoW for 12 years, then got into FFXIV. This game hits all the right notes for story, exploring, crafting, and gameplay. I’m not doing the highest content, but having a lot of fun.
35 finance. Never gotten into gachas before but was really impressed with Genshin
40 here, tech consultant working 9-5. I usually have a few hours somewhere in the weekend to progress storyline and spend maybe 20mins a day doing daily stuff and trying to burn as much resin as possible (it never empties). I wish android had controller support so I could use my Kishi :(
Before the pandemic I usually was able to play for 1 hour (06:00-07:00) in the morning and then another 1 hour (20:00-21:00) in the evening before & after work. Now since I work fully from home generally play only for 2 hours-ish (08:00-10:00 or 11:00) in the morning unless it's patch day (2.0 had me play almost all day long). I do agree as I age  I kind  of lost interest in gaming as hard as my younger days (12 hours or more) and that's why I play AFK games on my phone only. Genshin is the first game I've played for long (before it was Zelda BotW and Hollow Knight, also Ori) but those games have an end (not a live service). I still live with my parents in my 30s (common for Asian), no spouse and no kids, no financial responsibility for anyone but myself so I do save a lot of my salary for my retirement. Genshin is the first game in years I whaled for a bit since Dragon Nest back in 2013-ish. It's really a fun, fun game.
I'm in my 40's and I've known dedicated gamers in their 60's. It can be a lifelong hobby, for certain. I do appreciate Genshin Impact's low time investment. You can play for an hour each day and feel like you're advancing at the pace the game was designed for, and still have time to devote to other games or to real-life activities. Or, you can play longer and explore areas more thoroughly, try to find that last treasure chest or whatever. The game is very casual friendly!
Is 2-3 hours every single day "casual"? Because I'm 30, I play genshin for like 1 hour before work and 30 minutes after work, every single day (I play more at the start of each patch for the quests/exploration, but not much more, I'm pretty efficient about it), but I spend that time optimizing teams for the abyss because that's how I like to play video games. I play less than you, apparently, but I'd call it anything but "casual". With that said, I'm not so much like you, don't have kids (my wife and I agreed long ago to never have kids lol), thus have fewer responsibilities, am a software engineer so life is pretty easy, and I spend much of my free time also playing other video games.
25+ years and just a software engineer that is barely enough to get by. Since im bad at my own job I tend to see genshin as a very great feat by Mhy technical team and tend to be bias whenever people made criticism about the game. I still played it every night after work and playing w a group of friends keep the game fresh for me.
36 y/o gamer here that's been playing since launch casually, I think i only skipped dailies like once lol. It gets me that MMO feeling in a single player game that I can do on my time, only thing I haven't been able to do is Abyss 12 lol. Get to do 1 hour of play after work and that's good enough, then maybe more on the weekends for events. Just very satisfied.
29. I used to play competitive multiplayer games like Dota before. But at this age, playing with and against other people in a team game feels stressful and not as fun as before. I now play mostly single player games like genshin and Civ6.
This game is targeted at whales with a lot of expendable income. Teenagers are not usually among those, I don't think it's teenagers who are C6'ing 5*s and pulling on the weapon banner. So maybe even the majority of the players who spend money are over 25.
28. Single. Working from 7:00 to 16:00 at an ornamental plant shop's depository(no idea if I'm using the correct terms, English is not my first). Time periods of chances went by, lack of decent as a person single women in the area, then there's the issues of it not being a good time to have a family in these uncertain times where I live in my country, my town is overall a bad neighborhood for kids unless you bring them to kindergarten and school to the next city over and the future is full of unknowns. Hell chances are I'm gonna die either working or starving due to not being able to work because for my generation there is no retirement unless we somehow become millionaires. Have been gaming since childhood and if there was no games or other stuff for stress release, relaxation and escapism I'd be real miserable or even insane. You know.... society's never ending expectations where if you don't succeed you are a failure an how dare you fail you waste of space but if you succeed how dare you have it better than everyone else you asshole and all that. Oh and VTubers. For some weird reason streamers with motion tracking anime character avatars are the best goddamn free cure to stress and depression. Having it pretty chill for the recent few years but the country seems to be seriously going to shit in the coming one or two decades. As for Genshin I play it in my free time as long as it has content since week2 of the game. Were into gacha games like FGO before, but once you go Genshin you can't go back to simplistic 2D games with unvoiced VN cutscenes. Genshin is just so chill, the story is very engaging, the lore is deep and always interesting when I feel like digging and thinking about it more, and I really enjoy the exploration of open world games. Back when I played Skyrim I felt almost like I'm just coming back to the real world for basic necessities like earning money, and food in the first year  almost a decade ago is how damn engaging and addictive the exploration alone was. It was a wild ride. Seeing so many others in this comment section even older than me is really soothing my growing existential and mid-life crisis that's getting so bad I have to remind myself I'm about to get THIRTY and not FOURTY. For some godforsaken reason I feel a decade older than I am and it freaks me the hell out.
26 here...working full time from 9:00-14:00 and then from 16:00-19:00. I play extremely casual and still able to beat everything ingame without thinking to hard. Its a great game ti just disconnect after a long day at work and doesnt require that much attention to begin with, so its great. The constant updates just keep me playing snd since they are pretty manageable, not overwhelming, its all fair game.
I'm 40. As a few others have said, I play a lot of MMO games and I like that Genshin has a similar feel without the same level of time commitment that I just can't do at the level I might want. Initially, the art style of Genshin turned me off to the point that, in spite of hearing such great things, I started the game several weeks later than a lot of folks (I started on like the last 2 days of the first Venti banner) because I was so put off by the whole 'waifu' thing.  Once I moved past that, I've been able to really enjoy the game.
I turned 40 this year and have been an active gamer since i was 7ish. I too thoroughly enjoy this game and am looking forward to where Mihoyo takes it next. Spending an hour or so a day after work to do my dailies/farming is something I look forward to personally. If i had to make any complaints, its more against the community than the game itself. Endless posts about this complaint or that complaint makes coming to the reddit to look at nice art or for tips/tricks for farming all the more annoying.
Oh, I’m 26! i always tend complete my dailies and I have more free time I continue to farm for my characters!  I’m still making my team good, just waiting to get some good stats on my support character! This game has been very good to me since I’m in the middle of finding a full time work, which has not all going good, playing Genshin everyday reminds me to work on myself ( like getting the relevant skills for my job) as I work on different characters, like farming for their materials, artifacts, etc, it is grindy but I think I can relate what I’m going through for my finding my job!
I turn 30 in 4 days. I like the chillness of this game, and I know when I get frustrated and can't get passed a quest I can just take my time and level up without feeling pressured. It's nice.
It's funny being older (mid 20s) and seeing yourself go from the squeaker trying not to give it away too much to being the guy baffled at the number of kids in a lobby. Still, I find some time to play because it's fun. There's no real age cap on being able to enjoy video games, just a time restriction. Stop making me feel old man, it's to early for this!
32 yo here, I also got into history driven rpg. For a couple of years now I've been playing a jrpg with a lot of slice of life stuff. Typical anime games. I really played genshin for the story and became a low spender for the characters, but yeah, like you, I find hard to play more than an hour if there is nothing to do, just spend the resin, do dailies while I wait for the new part of story content comes out. Exploration and "secret" quests are what I love of this game. Edit: I was saving for yoimiya until I played ayaka's story quest, I fell in love with the cutscene you mentioned, sadly, I got qiqi instead XD
What gets me is " 1980 or earlier " on the survey's birth date question. They're like, "Ma'am, at your age, we respectfully don't care when you were born."
I'm 33 with a wife and 6 month old baby girl. As soon as my wife and kid go to bed, I turn on Genshin and play for 1-2 hours. It's such a nice way to end my night and wind down. Absolutely love the game, and the music is just incredible.  It's nice to see so many other adults playing this game. I've really enjoyed reading all the comments here!
So I just want to see how many of you are like me, enjoying Genshin for a few hours everyday after work, or after a exhausting day tucking your kids to bed etc, and what are the biggest reasons for you guys to enjoy playing Genshin being a matured adult with tons of responsibilities on a daily basis? Well I am 36, but idk about the responsibilities part. No kids, no job (retired in my early 20s due to health issues).. so just some household chores in the morning / evening and cooking when husband gets home from work. Plenty of time for gaming, reading and Netflix :D
Hi there, 1 hour gang member's here
31 year old. Working 8/5. Playing 30 min to 1 hour almost everyday.
I’m not sure if I count as casual but I’m here. I haven’t played a serious game since RuneScape lol but I decided to give this one a try due to the Chinese aspect of it, and got hooked.
I'm 25. i work as a concept artist for a small company, and also work at a furnishing store as a designer. I've always been exhausted at work, so an hour or so playing this game just to escape the boring daily sequence of my life is heaven.
26 here trying to end my doctorage actually working on 2 different jobs but any time possible I spend on genshin
Just turned 31 a few days ago!
26 and i am also bored of almost all games lol... been playing since i was 12 and the older i get the less interest i have playing games.. genshin is a true blessing and prolly my most beloved game i ever played. i just love the graphics and combat so much, its so relaxing :D all i do is play genshin and SM64 speedrunning and i dont really need / want to play anything else anymore
Bruh I'm only 18 now but I have a feeling I'll keep continuing playing this game until I'm old.
29 myself, and the miHoYo games are literally the games i play the most. (Genshin, Honkai etc.)
31 I mostly like the game because the story and you don't need to invest too much time on it. Just 30 min before work and everything done.
36 here. Casual, mostly because I split my time between this game and Warframe. Warframe's got more event based content currently for me, while Genshin's content is locked behind resin.
im 29 and playing since day 3 ar57, gi is the only game i play for last 9 months rly
I'm 29, playing on mobile. Lockdown (again and again) and WFH got me to play this game and been playing for about a month I think. Need more friends tho (AR 51), anyone on server Asia want to be friends?
I‘m already 29. Since I‘m not much into Anime, I ignored GI for a long time and just started when Zhongli‘s Banner appeared. The game is awesome, just saying.
I'm an early 30's guy. I'm fairly casual most days, then binge whenever there's a boatload of content update. When I am out of resin and have nothing else to do I don't overextend my playtime and will do something else.
39 years old here though I am an IT freelancer. I work at home so I can plan my routine to play 30m/1hour in the morning and more during the evening
33 year old, father of 3 here. This game is exactly what I've wanted for so long. Super chilled, everything looks beautiful, anime inspired artstyle and story. And now they've added fishing! It's got lots of faults, but nothing else on the market lets me jump into an amazing world like Teyvat.
dam I never expected this much adult+ people to play the game, glad to see y'all are having fun and still have time with your other life and families :D
Late 20s, I play about an hour each day. As much as grinding for something can be fun, in some ways I kind of enjoy that I can only do so much in Genshin. When I spend my resin and finish my daily shit, I'm done. I think it's become a big part of the appeal to me. Anyways, I've spent a bit of money on it (one of each gem purchase), each battlepass and the monthly welkin. Always 12-3 the abyss, lots of level 90s, C4 Jean, etc.
Just turned 36. Female freelancer working from home. Wish i had a Partner to play it with but im not so much casual with around 3 hours a day I guess 😅
28, probably depressed, too old to be a NEET now. Games a pretty good distraction, ngl.
25 here and still in collage.
Darn it I’m 24, I can’t be in that club yet I work from 5 pm till 2 am and just play after
It's definitely a great easy to pickup casual game. Usually the kids are the ones who nitpick at everything and that's fine because they have alot of time on their hand. But when you're an adult and have work. You just want to pick up where you left off on a 1-2 hours per day playtime after work without having to invest your soul into it. Seeing as Adults are the ones with money, MHY definitely knew which crowd to pander to.
30/f here...
46 here! And i play every day for an hour, maybe 2.
Am turning 25 in 3 months, and is working as a teacher, only have weekends to play since i work in rural area. I have slightly more time to play rn because school is close for now.
43 here, I know buddy. Got tired of the same thing over and over again until I landed here. Quite happy so far
47, Compliance banking (AML)
34 Fulltime Nurse and studying psychiatric nursing. More than casual play is not possible for me until we develop a 30 hour day with no increase in worktime
I'm way under 25 ask me again later
Let's just say I really hate having to select "1980 or earlier" on surveys.
In my late 20s and I know a good number of gamer friends in the same age demographic who plays fairly often. Personally, it’s been my go-to source of entertainment since the start of this year. I do get burnt out from time to time but I like that I can login and just do comms for that sweet free primos while claiming my welkin. A plus point of being an adult genshin player is that you’re likely to be financially independent. I consider myself a dolphin as of now, but I know for sure that I wouldn’t be able to afford the exorbitant crystal prices had I been a teenager.
Without shame turned 30va month ago. XIAO main here! 😁
28 here, play this game with a few of my peers, 25-30+. I don't think there are a shortage of adult players of this game.
I'll be 36 in a couple a month. I used to be a hardcore MMO and DOTA player. But now I have 2 kids 1yo dan 4yo, so for me to play games even on console is hard due to constant interruption. This game is kinda perfect for me. I love the world, the characters, the story and I can clear my daily after my kids sleep. Also I can play on my phone. For harder content like spiral abyss, I cleared it at weekends on my laptop, twice a month. But I'm also kinda overspent abit. Already at 1k USD for 1 year of playing. I'm planning to continue to play with welkin only for the next 12 months.
30, glad to know I am not the only old fart here, athough I play much more than casually.
26, working full time, play everyday with 2 friends who are 30and who I know IRL but live to far to meet with. Genshin allow us to keep in touch despite Covid and distance. I'va always played MMORPG so far, never thought a gacha game would hook me so much ! Glad to see this kind of positive feed, thanks for the sharing~
40+ here. I saw stats that CN and JP servers had more players in 30s, teens were not the biggest group. Not sure about EN. I'm in Asia server, playing with a large group of frds age late 20s to 40s. Ex-mmo player but cldnt play/ maintain MMOs any more/ well after getting married, having kids, tired from work. Usu played KR Mmos, last few were played many many yrs ago.... like blade & soul, Aion, terra, etc. So cldnt play MMOs, jumped to browser / facebk games and then app games. But none cld substitute that level of past enjoyment. Cos I love to explore worlds in MMOs also. So very happy and thankful for Genshin. It's like a pseudo mmo but with a lot less grind and nitty gritty stuff, also has limited time events and gacha which I like from App games. Even has teapot decor aspect function which I love from FB games. There were other games that tried to be pseudo mmo but usu v clunky, cluttered UIs or cldnt convert well into mobile level and too Grindy/ had to auto bot/ sweep a lot. So Genshin really is a super fusion gem that got so many things right in one go + got rid of disliked stuff. And I love how they keep asking for feedback and surveys. Got hubs to play Genshin too, and my kids only help play certain event mini games or I ask the younger one pull gacha 50-50 for me cos he seems to have good luck lol. Busy days just login do dailies and craft resin. And my team is strong enough I can clear domains solo fast if needed. Everything is fast and short and mostly solo, so even if I get interrupted by kids or family it's fine. Only v slow time consuming thing I dislike is clearing and feeding artifacts. Zzzz cos I click one by one to check, not to feed away potential good ones. Btw fellow busy pple, please help feedback to increase condensed resin storage cap! Thank you!
26 year old in law school. I consider myself a try hard, but even I can get most of what I need to get done 1 hour or 1.5 hours. Soemtimes I play more cause I’m a bad student and ignore my readings though lol
