================================================================================  评论列表:
To be fair, we (the monke) players have infinite lives, or else 99.99% of the playerbase would have ended their journey at a blue baby. To no one's surprise, anyone with infinite lives and the ability to learn can defeat anything. track me ✨DETERMINATION✨ Hesitation is defeat 🔫 glock saint isshin pulling out the sword, stick, and spear while wolf has an umbrella and some firecrackers Eh EH ehhhhhhh. But Monke refused undertale mentioned Hence, Wukong should learn to offer incense! He bullied so many keepers throughout jttw. No way his smug ass is gonna make offerings lol Man the literal heavens are afraid of him ain’t no way he offering shit “Do you know what day it is motherfuker, it’s ground hog day “ Isn't wukong like 7 times immortal or something ? He erased himself and all his homies out of the book of life and death after the jade emperor tried killing him his sleep and sending him to the underworld. Then later when he was employed in heaven he ate a whole peach orchard where each peach adds 9k years to your life span (some added more) and he followed through by eating a whole gourd of immortality pills. He can’t die by injury or age. So yes, much the like the player,Sun Wukong is also very much immortal. I thought that he was brought to the underworld before really being on the Jade Emperor's radar, simply because it was supposed to be his time, but he bullied everyone down there into fetching the records for him and he erased his own name and every stone monkey's name from the record. Maybe you are right, I watched the 80s classic adaptation. Maybe the book handles it a little different. Still highly recommend anyone to watch it though. It’s like a combination of Charlie Chaplin meets Power Rangers meets classic Kung Fu. also attained enlightenment/buddhahood which is another immortality. and he learn to be an immortal from Subodhi, his first teacher. wukongs basically left the paradise mountain of flower and fruit because his fellow monkey got old and died, so he set out to fix that so that no monkeys dies. This dao teacher really set of the craziest chain reaction if you think about it. “Teach some random monkey guy special powers, ends up usurping all the gods and reaches beyond nirvana” It’s basically all his fault if you think about it this is why he didn't want wukong calling himself his disciple 💀 This fact, in a world where Gods and Demons largely are not true immortal and can actually die... the fact he frigging ate the entire damn peach garden and an entire gourd of immortality pills (not sure if these are the ones refined from yaoguai...) to make himself truly legitimately immortal is crazy in itself. More I'm always curious, what is the difference between immortal vs 2 times immortal vs X times immortal. He’s immortal by a few different methods. So I’m going to use comics Deadpool as an example. He can regenerate from any damage to his body, which is sort of Immortality. But also, Thanos was jealous of his relationship to Lady Death, so he cursed Deadpool to be unable to die - if he got annihilated somehow, he would get mystically resurrected so he cannot be with Lady Death. So we might say Deadpool is twice immortal. Wukong is 7 times immortal because he found several different types of immortality and applied them all to himself. Killing him is just fucking impossible. Even he couldn't kill himself, which is why he had to create such an elaborate plan in the game to remove the Golden Hoop. Otherwise, you know he'd just 'die'... follow the natural laws of the world and descend to Hell... then proceed to absolutely trash the place and screw with the wheel of samsara so badly that nobody else would be able to be reincarnated, but he'll have gotten his ideal reincarnation. A lot of ppl treat Wukong as a hero but the reality is he very much was a massive asshole that was the epitome of selfishness if he wanted to be. He only learnt virtue after going on and completing the Journey. Assuming nature of samsara i would say (with no real knowledge of the real mythology and only of the sister pantheon) that wukong would be immortal for 7 cycles of time. He erased his name from Record Of Lives&Deaths = his life and death is not controlled by the gods and destinies any longer. He ate golden pills, celestial peaches and RenShen Fruits = He will not age or ages extremely slowly. He became Buddha = He's out of the circle of incarnation. blue baby I will never call him anything besides Pinhead Larry. blue baby Baby Thanos, you mean !! Imagine playing like ng+4 or +10 or whatever with only 3 lives 😂😂 nope Get the 30 lives cheat code. up up down down left right left right b a start! The real question is why the no other monkeys has done what the Destined One did, as some of the bosses mentions he isn't the first Monkey to come through. Surely one of the previous ones have done the "store soul at shrine" trick? Some of the other monkeys were probably the monkey you're playing after you die. Some bosses allude to this when you re appear I think this would be a kool explanation if like, the rez screen was just you walking up to the shrine. But making it a hair makes me think it's just clone trickery and the other monkeys weren't actually clones of Wukong but just from the same tribe. Especially given what we learn in the ending. Because it’s a new monkey every time you die. If they wanted to go meta, they could have made it so each time the Destined One died, a new DO takes his place. The flying monkey dude you fight, I think, was a previous DO who fell to Yellow Brow. But the story can’t really support this, I guess… No the macaque was part of the tribe and split off I think. He led some monkeys somewhere, a bunch got sick, he kicked out those ones. Then they got better with help from matraiya and ousted him. So eventually he finds himself with Yellowbrow. Isn't that the case? The game is pretty much Wukong's mind reincarnating nonstop until he fully resurrects, the 4th Sister alludes to this by being married to a Destined One before. Wait.. What!? Married to Destined One?! Duude you can't just said that and then ended your sentence 😭 When was this stated?? Is there really a hint about them being married or that was just your own headcanon/interpretation? I need proof 😭 Oh my god why does this fandom don't talk about this?? The first time she appears, her face is pretty ok. The second time you do, her makeup is stained due to tears. She leads you to a place full of chests, that's her dowry, which in Chinese tradition are gifts from the bride/groom to the other family. Before that, you hear the two lantern heads saying "big day", that only happens twice, that time and the marriage of Pigsy and Violet Spider. Speaking of Violet Spider, ever notice how her entire hair is a full bun? It symbolizes marriage and love. Now guess who has her hair in a full bun as well. That's right, 4th Sister. When you beat the right hand insect, she shows up and in Chinese actually calls you stinky monkey, which is an intimate and affectionate way of calling someone. Finally, the achievement of finishing her questline is Misfit with Merit, which says, "Never will she see with him the world beyond". This game is full of things to know lmao, the journal helps a lot. The other stuff is hard to realize if you don't know Asian traditions and/or small bits of Journey to the West. Prove that there does not exists a single first tryer in the planet (hence excluding guys from the dev team) who can reach to one of the endings in one pass. If there is, plz estimate the minimal average game life hours. Lore wise Wukong literally can not die he has like 17 different levels of immortality Isnt that why they got erlang to split his soul apart instead? That way, wukong is technically alive, but soulless, so cant do anything to harm the celestial court.
✨DETERMINATION✨ Hesitation is defeat 🔫 glock saint isshin pulling out the sword, stick, and spear while wolf has an umbrella and some firecrackers Eh EH ehhhhhhh. But Monke refused undertale mentioned
Hesitation is defeat 🔫 glock saint isshin pulling out the sword, stick, and spear while wolf has an umbrella and some firecrackers Eh EH ehhhhhhh.
glock saint isshin pulling out the sword, stick, and spear while wolf has an umbrella and some firecrackers
Eh EH ehhhhhhh.
But Monke refused
undertale mentioned
Hence, Wukong should learn to offer incense! He bullied so many keepers throughout jttw. No way his smug ass is gonna make offerings lol Man the literal heavens are afraid of him ain’t no way he offering shit
He bullied so many keepers throughout jttw. No way his smug ass is gonna make offerings lol
Man the literal heavens are afraid of him ain’t no way he offering shit
“Do you know what day it is motherfuker, it’s ground hog day “
Isn't wukong like 7 times immortal or something ? He erased himself and all his homies out of the book of life and death after the jade emperor tried killing him his sleep and sending him to the underworld. Then later when he was employed in heaven he ate a whole peach orchard where each peach adds 9k years to your life span (some added more) and he followed through by eating a whole gourd of immortality pills. He can’t die by injury or age. So yes, much the like the player,Sun Wukong is also very much immortal. I thought that he was brought to the underworld before really being on the Jade Emperor's radar, simply because it was supposed to be his time, but he bullied everyone down there into fetching the records for him and he erased his own name and every stone monkey's name from the record. Maybe you are right, I watched the 80s classic adaptation. Maybe the book handles it a little different. Still highly recommend anyone to watch it though. It’s like a combination of Charlie Chaplin meets Power Rangers meets classic Kung Fu. also attained enlightenment/buddhahood which is another immortality. and he learn to be an immortal from Subodhi, his first teacher. wukongs basically left the paradise mountain of flower and fruit because his fellow monkey got old and died, so he set out to fix that so that no monkeys dies. This dao teacher really set of the craziest chain reaction if you think about it. “Teach some random monkey guy special powers, ends up usurping all the gods and reaches beyond nirvana” It’s basically all his fault if you think about it this is why he didn't want wukong calling himself his disciple 💀 This fact, in a world where Gods and Demons largely are not true immortal and can actually die... the fact he frigging ate the entire damn peach garden and an entire gourd of immortality pills (not sure if these are the ones refined from yaoguai...) to make himself truly legitimately immortal is crazy in itself. More I'm always curious, what is the difference between immortal vs 2 times immortal vs X times immortal. He’s immortal by a few different methods. So I’m going to use comics Deadpool as an example. He can regenerate from any damage to his body, which is sort of Immortality. But also, Thanos was jealous of his relationship to Lady Death, so he cursed Deadpool to be unable to die - if he got annihilated somehow, he would get mystically resurrected so he cannot be with Lady Death. So we might say Deadpool is twice immortal. Wukong is 7 times immortal because he found several different types of immortality and applied them all to himself. Killing him is just fucking impossible. Even he couldn't kill himself, which is why he had to create such an elaborate plan in the game to remove the Golden Hoop. Otherwise, you know he'd just 'die'... follow the natural laws of the world and descend to Hell... then proceed to absolutely trash the place and screw with the wheel of samsara so badly that nobody else would be able to be reincarnated, but he'll have gotten his ideal reincarnation. A lot of ppl treat Wukong as a hero but the reality is he very much was a massive asshole that was the epitome of selfishness if he wanted to be. He only learnt virtue after going on and completing the Journey. Assuming nature of samsara i would say (with no real knowledge of the real mythology and only of the sister pantheon) that wukong would be immortal for 7 cycles of time. He erased his name from Record Of Lives&Deaths = his life and death is not controlled by the gods and destinies any longer. He ate golden pills, celestial peaches and RenShen Fruits = He will not age or ages extremely slowly. He became Buddha = He's out of the circle of incarnation.
He erased himself and all his homies out of the book of life and death after the jade emperor tried killing him his sleep and sending him to the underworld. Then later when he was employed in heaven he ate a whole peach orchard where each peach adds 9k years to your life span (some added more) and he followed through by eating a whole gourd of immortality pills. He can’t die by injury or age. So yes, much the like the player,Sun Wukong is also very much immortal. I thought that he was brought to the underworld before really being on the Jade Emperor's radar, simply because it was supposed to be his time, but he bullied everyone down there into fetching the records for him and he erased his own name and every stone monkey's name from the record. Maybe you are right, I watched the 80s classic adaptation. Maybe the book handles it a little different. Still highly recommend anyone to watch it though. It’s like a combination of Charlie Chaplin meets Power Rangers meets classic Kung Fu. also attained enlightenment/buddhahood which is another immortality. and he learn to be an immortal from Subodhi, his first teacher. wukongs basically left the paradise mountain of flower and fruit because his fellow monkey got old and died, so he set out to fix that so that no monkeys dies. This dao teacher really set of the craziest chain reaction if you think about it. “Teach some random monkey guy special powers, ends up usurping all the gods and reaches beyond nirvana” It’s basically all his fault if you think about it this is why he didn't want wukong calling himself his disciple 💀 This fact, in a world where Gods and Demons largely are not true immortal and can actually die... the fact he frigging ate the entire damn peach garden and an entire gourd of immortality pills (not sure if these are the ones refined from yaoguai...) to make himself truly legitimately immortal is crazy in itself.
I thought that he was brought to the underworld before really being on the Jade Emperor's radar, simply because it was supposed to be his time, but he bullied everyone down there into fetching the records for him and he erased his own name and every stone monkey's name from the record. Maybe you are right, I watched the 80s classic adaptation. Maybe the book handles it a little different. Still highly recommend anyone to watch it though. It’s like a combination of Charlie Chaplin meets Power Rangers meets classic Kung Fu.
Maybe you are right, I watched the 80s classic adaptation. Maybe the book handles it a little different. Still highly recommend anyone to watch it though. It’s like a combination of Charlie Chaplin meets Power Rangers meets classic Kung Fu.
also attained enlightenment/buddhahood which is another immortality. and he learn to be an immortal from Subodhi, his first teacher. wukongs basically left the paradise mountain of flower and fruit because his fellow monkey got old and died, so he set out to fix that so that no monkeys dies. This dao teacher really set of the craziest chain reaction if you think about it. “Teach some random monkey guy special powers, ends up usurping all the gods and reaches beyond nirvana” It’s basically all his fault if you think about it this is why he didn't want wukong calling himself his disciple 💀
This dao teacher really set of the craziest chain reaction if you think about it. “Teach some random monkey guy special powers, ends up usurping all the gods and reaches beyond nirvana” It’s basically all his fault if you think about it this is why he didn't want wukong calling himself his disciple 💀
this is why he didn't want wukong calling himself his disciple 💀
This fact, in a world where Gods and Demons largely are not true immortal and can actually die... the fact he frigging ate the entire damn peach garden and an entire gourd of immortality pills (not sure if these are the ones refined from yaoguai...) to make himself truly legitimately immortal is crazy in itself.
More
I'm always curious, what is the difference between immortal vs 2 times immortal vs X times immortal. He’s immortal by a few different methods. So I’m going to use comics Deadpool as an example. He can regenerate from any damage to his body, which is sort of Immortality. But also, Thanos was jealous of his relationship to Lady Death, so he cursed Deadpool to be unable to die - if he got annihilated somehow, he would get mystically resurrected so he cannot be with Lady Death. So we might say Deadpool is twice immortal. Wukong is 7 times immortal because he found several different types of immortality and applied them all to himself. Killing him is just fucking impossible. Even he couldn't kill himself, which is why he had to create such an elaborate plan in the game to remove the Golden Hoop. Otherwise, you know he'd just 'die'... follow the natural laws of the world and descend to Hell... then proceed to absolutely trash the place and screw with the wheel of samsara so badly that nobody else would be able to be reincarnated, but he'll have gotten his ideal reincarnation. A lot of ppl treat Wukong as a hero but the reality is he very much was a massive asshole that was the epitome of selfishness if he wanted to be. He only learnt virtue after going on and completing the Journey. Assuming nature of samsara i would say (with no real knowledge of the real mythology and only of the sister pantheon) that wukong would be immortal for 7 cycles of time. He erased his name from Record Of Lives&Deaths = his life and death is not controlled by the gods and destinies any longer. He ate golden pills, celestial peaches and RenShen Fruits = He will not age or ages extremely slowly. He became Buddha = He's out of the circle of incarnation.
He’s immortal by a few different methods. So I’m going to use comics Deadpool as an example. He can regenerate from any damage to his body, which is sort of Immortality. But also, Thanos was jealous of his relationship to Lady Death, so he cursed Deadpool to be unable to die - if he got annihilated somehow, he would get mystically resurrected so he cannot be with Lady Death. So we might say Deadpool is twice immortal. Wukong is 7 times immortal because he found several different types of immortality and applied them all to himself. Killing him is just fucking impossible. Even he couldn't kill himself, which is why he had to create such an elaborate plan in the game to remove the Golden Hoop. Otherwise, you know he'd just 'die'... follow the natural laws of the world and descend to Hell... then proceed to absolutely trash the place and screw with the wheel of samsara so badly that nobody else would be able to be reincarnated, but he'll have gotten his ideal reincarnation. A lot of ppl treat Wukong as a hero but the reality is he very much was a massive asshole that was the epitome of selfishness if he wanted to be. He only learnt virtue after going on and completing the Journey.
Even he couldn't kill himself, which is why he had to create such an elaborate plan in the game to remove the Golden Hoop. Otherwise, you know he'd just 'die'... follow the natural laws of the world and descend to Hell... then proceed to absolutely trash the place and screw with the wheel of samsara so badly that nobody else would be able to be reincarnated, but he'll have gotten his ideal reincarnation. A lot of ppl treat Wukong as a hero but the reality is he very much was a massive asshole that was the epitome of selfishness if he wanted to be. He only learnt virtue after going on and completing the Journey.
Assuming nature of samsara i would say (with no real knowledge of the real mythology and only of the sister pantheon) that wukong would be immortal for 7 cycles of time.
He erased his name from Record Of Lives&Deaths = his life and death is not controlled by the gods and destinies any longer. He ate golden pills, celestial peaches and RenShen Fruits = He will not age or ages extremely slowly. He became Buddha = He's out of the circle of incarnation.
blue baby I will never call him anything besides Pinhead Larry.
blue baby Baby Thanos, you mean !!
Imagine playing like ng+4 or +10 or whatever with only 3 lives 😂😂 nope Get the 30 lives cheat code. up up down down left right left right b a start!
Get the 30 lives cheat code. up up down down left right left right b a start!
up up down down left right left right b a start!
The real question is why the no other monkeys has done what the Destined One did, as some of the bosses mentions he isn't the first Monkey to come through. Surely one of the previous ones have done the "store soul at shrine" trick? Some of the other monkeys were probably the monkey you're playing after you die. Some bosses allude to this when you re appear I think this would be a kool explanation if like, the rez screen was just you walking up to the shrine. But making it a hair makes me think it's just clone trickery and the other monkeys weren't actually clones of Wukong but just from the same tribe. Especially given what we learn in the ending. Because it’s a new monkey every time you die.
Some of the other monkeys were probably the monkey you're playing after you die. Some bosses allude to this when you re appear I think this would be a kool explanation if like, the rez screen was just you walking up to the shrine. But making it a hair makes me think it's just clone trickery and the other monkeys weren't actually clones of Wukong but just from the same tribe. Especially given what we learn in the ending.
I think this would be a kool explanation if like, the rez screen was just you walking up to the shrine. But making it a hair makes me think it's just clone trickery and the other monkeys weren't actually clones of Wukong but just from the same tribe. Especially given what we learn in the ending.
Because it’s a new monkey every time you die.
If they wanted to go meta, they could have made it so each time the Destined One died, a new DO takes his place. The flying monkey dude you fight, I think, was a previous DO who fell to Yellow Brow. But the story can’t really support this, I guess… No the macaque was part of the tribe and split off I think. He led some monkeys somewhere, a bunch got sick, he kicked out those ones. Then they got better with help from matraiya and ousted him. So eventually he finds himself with Yellowbrow. Isn't that the case? The game is pretty much Wukong's mind reincarnating nonstop until he fully resurrects, the 4th Sister alludes to this by being married to a Destined One before. Wait.. What!? Married to Destined One?! Duude you can't just said that and then ended your sentence 😭 When was this stated?? Is there really a hint about them being married or that was just your own headcanon/interpretation? I need proof 😭 Oh my god why does this fandom don't talk about this?? The first time she appears, her face is pretty ok. The second time you do, her makeup is stained due to tears. She leads you to a place full of chests, that's her dowry, which in Chinese tradition are gifts from the bride/groom to the other family. Before that, you hear the two lantern heads saying "big day", that only happens twice, that time and the marriage of Pigsy and Violet Spider. Speaking of Violet Spider, ever notice how her entire hair is a full bun? It symbolizes marriage and love. Now guess who has her hair in a full bun as well. That's right, 4th Sister. When you beat the right hand insect, she shows up and in Chinese actually calls you stinky monkey, which is an intimate and affectionate way of calling someone. Finally, the achievement of finishing her questline is Misfit with Merit, which says, "Never will she see with him the world beyond". This game is full of things to know lmao, the journal helps a lot. The other stuff is hard to realize if you don't know Asian traditions and/or small bits of Journey to the West.
No the macaque was part of the tribe and split off I think. He led some monkeys somewhere, a bunch got sick, he kicked out those ones. Then they got better with help from matraiya and ousted him. So eventually he finds himself with Yellowbrow.
Isn't that the case? The game is pretty much Wukong's mind reincarnating nonstop until he fully resurrects, the 4th Sister alludes to this by being married to a Destined One before. Wait.. What!? Married to Destined One?! Duude you can't just said that and then ended your sentence 😭 When was this stated?? Is there really a hint about them being married or that was just your own headcanon/interpretation? I need proof 😭 Oh my god why does this fandom don't talk about this?? The first time she appears, her face is pretty ok. The second time you do, her makeup is stained due to tears. She leads you to a place full of chests, that's her dowry, which in Chinese tradition are gifts from the bride/groom to the other family. Before that, you hear the two lantern heads saying "big day", that only happens twice, that time and the marriage of Pigsy and Violet Spider. Speaking of Violet Spider, ever notice how her entire hair is a full bun? It symbolizes marriage and love. Now guess who has her hair in a full bun as well. That's right, 4th Sister. When you beat the right hand insect, she shows up and in Chinese actually calls you stinky monkey, which is an intimate and affectionate way of calling someone. Finally, the achievement of finishing her questline is Misfit with Merit, which says, "Never will she see with him the world beyond". This game is full of things to know lmao, the journal helps a lot. The other stuff is hard to realize if you don't know Asian traditions and/or small bits of Journey to the West.
Wait.. What!? Married to Destined One?! Duude you can't just said that and then ended your sentence 😭 When was this stated?? Is there really a hint about them being married or that was just your own headcanon/interpretation? I need proof 😭 Oh my god why does this fandom don't talk about this?? The first time she appears, her face is pretty ok. The second time you do, her makeup is stained due to tears. She leads you to a place full of chests, that's her dowry, which in Chinese tradition are gifts from the bride/groom to the other family. Before that, you hear the two lantern heads saying "big day", that only happens twice, that time and the marriage of Pigsy and Violet Spider. Speaking of Violet Spider, ever notice how her entire hair is a full bun? It symbolizes marriage and love. Now guess who has her hair in a full bun as well. That's right, 4th Sister. When you beat the right hand insect, she shows up and in Chinese actually calls you stinky monkey, which is an intimate and affectionate way of calling someone. Finally, the achievement of finishing her questline is Misfit with Merit, which says, "Never will she see with him the world beyond". This game is full of things to know lmao, the journal helps a lot. The other stuff is hard to realize if you don't know Asian traditions and/or small bits of Journey to the West.
The first time she appears, her face is pretty ok. The second time you do, her makeup is stained due to tears. She leads you to a place full of chests, that's her dowry, which in Chinese tradition are gifts from the bride/groom to the other family. Before that, you hear the two lantern heads saying "big day", that only happens twice, that time and the marriage of Pigsy and Violet Spider. Speaking of Violet Spider, ever notice how her entire hair is a full bun? It symbolizes marriage and love. Now guess who has her hair in a full bun as well. That's right, 4th Sister. When you beat the right hand insect, she shows up and in Chinese actually calls you stinky monkey, which is an intimate and affectionate way of calling someone. Finally, the achievement of finishing her questline is Misfit with Merit, which says, "Never will she see with him the world beyond". This game is full of things to know lmao, the journal helps a lot. The other stuff is hard to realize if you don't know Asian traditions and/or small bits of Journey to the West.
Prove that there does not exists a single first tryer in the planet (hence excluding guys from the dev team) who can reach to one of the endings in one pass. If there is, plz estimate the minimal average game life hours.
Lore wise Wukong literally can not die he has like 17 different levels of immortality Isnt that why they got erlang to split his soul apart instead? That way, wukong is technically alive, but soulless, so cant do anything to harm the celestial court.
Isnt that why they got erlang to split his soul apart instead? That way, wukong is technically alive, but soulless, so cant do anything to harm the celestial court.
For those who not familiar with the original Journey To The West story : - Yellow Eyebrows : He captured Sun Wukong and his companions by tricking them into entering a magical gourd. This gourd had the power to trap anyone who entered it, making it extremely difficult for Sun Wukong to escape. He had to use his cleverness and transformation skills to outwit Yellow Eyebrows and free himself and his friends. - Yellow Wind Sage : The Yellow Wind Demon used a powerful wind to blind Sun Wukong, making it nearly impossible for him to fight back. The wind was so strong and blinding that Sun Wukong had to seek help from the Bodhisattva Lingji, who eventually subdued the demon. - Red Boy : Red Boy was particularly dangerous because he wielded the Samadhi Fire, the most powerful fire which could burn almost anything. Red Boy used this fire to nearly kill Sun Wukong. Bajie had to use one of the 36 Transformations of Heavenly Canopy: Resurrection, to save Wukong’s life (you can see this scene in the final ending animation). It was only with the intervention of the Bodhisattva Guanyin, who used her divine powers, that Red Boy was captured and converted. So as you can see, in the original Journey to the West, Wukong had a really difficult time defeating these three monsters. He often needed help from others to subdue them. Just minor correction: since Wukong is a stone monkey with immortality, he could withstand Red Boy fire. He almost died from the smoke instead Dude really just went in a come because he was very hot and then jumped in very cold water. He just like me fr. I choke to second hand smoking The Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal. Wreak havoc unstoppable. Single handedly whipping the entire heavenly army. Was severely nerf before the journey began lol. Else any of these demon or a buddha could probably man handle the heavenly court. I like to think he had to hold back because of Tang Sanzang else he’d murder them all. I tend to agree with the last part. 70% of the time dude was handicapped by Tripitaka who would either block him or get taken hostage. It was always something. I think that’s the universal consensus lol. Tripitaka is annoying, Wukong is usually right about a yaoguai. Trip got captured/other shenanigans/headband chants/etc. Wukong now have to fix the cluster fuck Dude was banished for one chapter and all hell broke loose. He had it fixed by the end of the chapter after coming back lol. I do love how casually everyone just calls Tripitaka incompetent since he never gets anything done. He's written that way on purpose for two reasons. The first is obviously just because it's an easy way to repeatedly set up dramatic situations. The other is because he's a satire of incompetent high-ranking bureaucrats: in over his head, unable to do anything on his own, completely reliant on the competence of his subordinates, superior only by virtue of position, but still finds reasons to quibble or meddle with what the actually competent dude is doing. And also the guy who gets all the fame in the end. Even his role as 'scripture pilgrim' in the Journey is a made-up piece of useless work. It's trivial for any Bodhisattva to instantly transport scriptures from India to China by just riding clouds like Wukong. The whole rigmarole is just because Tripitaka is the incarnation of one of Buddha's original disciples who somehow lost his way and ended up needing to practice ten lifetimes of virtue to regain it. The last lifetime needs to endure 81 trials before he can transcend, and that's basically what happens on the journey. Everything else is just window dressing and collateral damage. A more charitable interpretation is that Tripitaka has been a monk all his life, and spent his childhood being raised by a monk even before he took his vows. So he basically has a very limited and idealized view of life outside of a monastic order, and even less when it comes to dealing with powerful yaoguai that have no interest in following civilized rules. What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority. It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable. I like Stephen Chow’s take on Tripitaka the most in his 1990s films. I like to think he had to hold back because of Tang Sanzang else he’d murder them all. Me too. I mean if he uses his full power then no mountain near him would survive Yaoguais Wukong faced during the journey are quite often Bodhisattvas' disciples or pets. Wukong does not want to fight them, so he pretends to get hurt and makes complains to Bodhisattvas, letting them wipe their own asses. In doing so Wukong avoids offending bodhisattvas or anyone from the Celestial Court. This is the inconsistency that people kinda choose to overlook just to enjoy the story. In the beginning of the novel Wukong was established as someone that's insanely OP, immortal on multiple levels, almost rival the entire celestial court by himself. Then on the actual Journey to the west he would regularly run into a random Yaoguai that can just go toe to toe with him. A common explanation, which is also my headcanon, is that Wukong himself is practically impossible to be killed, but his damage output is really just physically bonking things with his staff. So when he run into powerful Yaoguais with magical abilities or artifacts he would rather just go ask for help from Buddhas or Celestial deities than dealing with those damage sponges himself. Also because Tang Seng, being a good monk, was never happy seeing Wukong killing anyone, even the monsters. So Wukong often has to hold back when fighting. He was also trapped under a mountain for 500+ years, probably make him a little rusty when it comes to fighting Or you could also say the Yaoguais had all the time to farm XP and level up. It's clear the developers also respect the Yaoguais a lot more than the heavenly court lol. They made it canon with Black Myth that the Jade Emperor's lackeys are filled with cowards who rely on wiles and politics. This, I've read the novals, wukong didn't hold back and killed many demons at the beginning until tang seng asked him to be merciful. Like when he "lost" to princess fan, he literally wasn't planning to hurt her. Yea not to mention, wukong could withstand the fire of the de-immortalizing furnace for 40 days and nights and come out stronger yet almost gets taken out by red boys fire😂 Yes because Red Boy doesn't use "regular" fire, he uses the True Samādhi Fire, which is far far more powerful. Video about it, the entire series is pretty good if you want to learn more about The Journey To The West, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr5IU8g2SHA&list=PLDb22nlVXGgdg_NR_-GtTrMnbMVmtSSXa I’m quite familiar with the journey to the west story lol, I doubt the samadhi fire is more powerful than laozis furnace fire which is used to burn away immortality and create pills of immortality and even gave wukong the fiery gaze. They had to nerf wukong for the sake of a story otherwise there wouldn’t be one. Pretty much have to accept a headcanon that the circlet actively nerfs Wukong cause of the whole "learn humility, patience yadda yadda yadda". It's like how Flash needs to be written kinda dumb otherwise he'd just instantly beat all his villains that ever show up in Central City. I mean, wasn't it one of the very coals from the Eight Trigrams furnance that Wukong kicked over way back then which gave Red Boy the Samadhi flame in the first place? lol Maybe redboy just had stronger flames https://preview.redd.it/ace-v2-will-be-an-akainu-victim-v0-lsaote8qc01b1.png?width=602&format=png&auto=webp&s=047f763915cb1b03e033d8ac5f24203e03a717af Imagine you quit the game 500 years and comeback to find out everyone are now way stronger than you Yellowbrow didn't you use a gourd, it was the sack - the exact one that's even in the game. Ironically, Wukong never got trapped in the sack itself; it was instead kept being used to suck in every other god Wukong brought to help fight Yellowbrow. Instead, it was Yellowbrow's cymbals that trapped him and gave him a lot of trouble; the exact cymbals in the game used to trap Bajie. Where does Samadhi fire come from?  It's from the time Wukong wrecked heaven and they put him into a Celestial furnace to be burned alive. The fire didn't kill him, but gave his eyes clarity, like Erlang's third eye.  Wukong can see through any disguise. Wukong got out of the furnace, all upset.  He kicked the furnace.  One of the coal from the furnace fell to earth and created that volcano in chapter 5.  This is where Redboy gets Sadmahi fire. In the novel, red boy was only able to use Samadhi fire after using the five element carts. Samadhi fire is essentially divine fire infused with a certain state/amount of enlightenment/nirvana. It is never fully explained in detail for what it is, but it is supposedly one of the few things that can get pass Wukong's invunerability. After being in the furnace for 49 days and getting clarity, it supposedly gave him either fear or sensitivity from smoke. So in JTTW, when Red boy's Samadhi was burning Wukong, it wasn't significantly hurting Wukong but the smoke bothered him a lot, and out of fear he flew directly into water, with the hot flames and the coldness of the water it sent his body into shock and knocked him out cold almost even killing him. Edit; was to wasn't 36 Transformations of Heavenly Canopy is just a transformation spell, and does not have the ability to revive others. Zhu Bajie actually just used some first aid measures, such as the Heimlich maneuver. From what I read, He learned the 36 Heavenly Transformations of Taoism, back when he was the Marshal Tian Peng. The 36 Heavenly Transformations or can be called 36 Heavenly Techniques are not just "transformation", it can alter the universe and shift the course of fate, it's said to be stronger than 72 Earthly Transformations of Sun Wukong. However, due to his limited innate abilities, his indulgence in wine and women, lack of ambition, and being punished by being turned into a pig, Zhu Bajie was unable to fully utilize his potential. This is just a rumor, the 36 Heavenly Techniques and 72 Earthly Transformations in the original Journey to the West are just transformations with different numbers. In the chapter of Guanyin's Goldfish, Zhu Bajie said that he could only transform huge, heavy things, and could not transform into tiny, dexterous things. In other ancient novels, one of the authors assigned a spell to each of the 36 Heavenly Techniques, making the 36 Heavenly Techniques look very powerful, but this has nothing to do with Journey to the West.
Just minor correction: since Wukong is a stone monkey with immortality, he could withstand Red Boy fire. He almost died from the smoke instead Dude really just went in a come because he was very hot and then jumped in very cold water. He just like me fr. I choke to second hand smoking
Dude really just went in a come because he was very hot and then jumped in very cold water.
He just like me fr. I choke to second hand smoking
The Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal. Wreak havoc unstoppable. Single handedly whipping the entire heavenly army. Was severely nerf before the journey began lol. Else any of these demon or a buddha could probably man handle the heavenly court. I like to think he had to hold back because of Tang Sanzang else he’d murder them all. I tend to agree with the last part. 70% of the time dude was handicapped by Tripitaka who would either block him or get taken hostage. It was always something. I think that’s the universal consensus lol. Tripitaka is annoying, Wukong is usually right about a yaoguai. Trip got captured/other shenanigans/headband chants/etc. Wukong now have to fix the cluster fuck Dude was banished for one chapter and all hell broke loose. He had it fixed by the end of the chapter after coming back lol. I do love how casually everyone just calls Tripitaka incompetent since he never gets anything done. He's written that way on purpose for two reasons. The first is obviously just because it's an easy way to repeatedly set up dramatic situations. The other is because he's a satire of incompetent high-ranking bureaucrats: in over his head, unable to do anything on his own, completely reliant on the competence of his subordinates, superior only by virtue of position, but still finds reasons to quibble or meddle with what the actually competent dude is doing. And also the guy who gets all the fame in the end. Even his role as 'scripture pilgrim' in the Journey is a made-up piece of useless work. It's trivial for any Bodhisattva to instantly transport scriptures from India to China by just riding clouds like Wukong. The whole rigmarole is just because Tripitaka is the incarnation of one of Buddha's original disciples who somehow lost his way and ended up needing to practice ten lifetimes of virtue to regain it. The last lifetime needs to endure 81 trials before he can transcend, and that's basically what happens on the journey. Everything else is just window dressing and collateral damage. A more charitable interpretation is that Tripitaka has been a monk all his life, and spent his childhood being raised by a monk even before he took his vows. So he basically has a very limited and idealized view of life outside of a monastic order, and even less when it comes to dealing with powerful yaoguai that have no interest in following civilized rules. What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority. It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable. I like Stephen Chow’s take on Tripitaka the most in his 1990s films. I like to think he had to hold back because of Tang Sanzang else he’d murder them all. Me too. I mean if he uses his full power then no mountain near him would survive Yaoguais Wukong faced during the journey are quite often Bodhisattvas' disciples or pets. Wukong does not want to fight them, so he pretends to get hurt and makes complains to Bodhisattvas, letting them wipe their own asses. In doing so Wukong avoids offending bodhisattvas or anyone from the Celestial Court.
I tend to agree with the last part. 70% of the time dude was handicapped by Tripitaka who would either block him or get taken hostage. It was always something. I think that’s the universal consensus lol. Tripitaka is annoying, Wukong is usually right about a yaoguai. Trip got captured/other shenanigans/headband chants/etc. Wukong now have to fix the cluster fuck Dude was banished for one chapter and all hell broke loose. He had it fixed by the end of the chapter after coming back lol. I do love how casually everyone just calls Tripitaka incompetent since he never gets anything done. He's written that way on purpose for two reasons. The first is obviously just because it's an easy way to repeatedly set up dramatic situations. The other is because he's a satire of incompetent high-ranking bureaucrats: in over his head, unable to do anything on his own, completely reliant on the competence of his subordinates, superior only by virtue of position, but still finds reasons to quibble or meddle with what the actually competent dude is doing. And also the guy who gets all the fame in the end. Even his role as 'scripture pilgrim' in the Journey is a made-up piece of useless work. It's trivial for any Bodhisattva to instantly transport scriptures from India to China by just riding clouds like Wukong. The whole rigmarole is just because Tripitaka is the incarnation of one of Buddha's original disciples who somehow lost his way and ended up needing to practice ten lifetimes of virtue to regain it. The last lifetime needs to endure 81 trials before he can transcend, and that's basically what happens on the journey. Everything else is just window dressing and collateral damage. A more charitable interpretation is that Tripitaka has been a monk all his life, and spent his childhood being raised by a monk even before he took his vows. So he basically has a very limited and idealized view of life outside of a monastic order, and even less when it comes to dealing with powerful yaoguai that have no interest in following civilized rules. What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority. It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable. I like Stephen Chow’s take on Tripitaka the most in his 1990s films.
I think that’s the universal consensus lol. Tripitaka is annoying, Wukong is usually right about a yaoguai. Trip got captured/other shenanigans/headband chants/etc. Wukong now have to fix the cluster fuck Dude was banished for one chapter and all hell broke loose. He had it fixed by the end of the chapter after coming back lol. I do love how casually everyone just calls Tripitaka incompetent since he never gets anything done. He's written that way on purpose for two reasons. The first is obviously just because it's an easy way to repeatedly set up dramatic situations. The other is because he's a satire of incompetent high-ranking bureaucrats: in over his head, unable to do anything on his own, completely reliant on the competence of his subordinates, superior only by virtue of position, but still finds reasons to quibble or meddle with what the actually competent dude is doing. And also the guy who gets all the fame in the end. Even his role as 'scripture pilgrim' in the Journey is a made-up piece of useless work. It's trivial for any Bodhisattva to instantly transport scriptures from India to China by just riding clouds like Wukong. The whole rigmarole is just because Tripitaka is the incarnation of one of Buddha's original disciples who somehow lost his way and ended up needing to practice ten lifetimes of virtue to regain it. The last lifetime needs to endure 81 trials before he can transcend, and that's basically what happens on the journey. Everything else is just window dressing and collateral damage. A more charitable interpretation is that Tripitaka has been a monk all his life, and spent his childhood being raised by a monk even before he took his vows. So he basically has a very limited and idealized view of life outside of a monastic order, and even less when it comes to dealing with powerful yaoguai that have no interest in following civilized rules. What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority. It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable. I like Stephen Chow’s take on Tripitaka the most in his 1990s films.
Dude was banished for one chapter and all hell broke loose. He had it fixed by the end of the chapter after coming back lol. I do love how casually everyone just calls Tripitaka incompetent since he never gets anything done. He's written that way on purpose for two reasons. The first is obviously just because it's an easy way to repeatedly set up dramatic situations. The other is because he's a satire of incompetent high-ranking bureaucrats: in over his head, unable to do anything on his own, completely reliant on the competence of his subordinates, superior only by virtue of position, but still finds reasons to quibble or meddle with what the actually competent dude is doing. And also the guy who gets all the fame in the end. Even his role as 'scripture pilgrim' in the Journey is a made-up piece of useless work. It's trivial for any Bodhisattva to instantly transport scriptures from India to China by just riding clouds like Wukong. The whole rigmarole is just because Tripitaka is the incarnation of one of Buddha's original disciples who somehow lost his way and ended up needing to practice ten lifetimes of virtue to regain it. The last lifetime needs to endure 81 trials before he can transcend, and that's basically what happens on the journey. Everything else is just window dressing and collateral damage. A more charitable interpretation is that Tripitaka has been a monk all his life, and spent his childhood being raised by a monk even before he took his vows. So he basically has a very limited and idealized view of life outside of a monastic order, and even less when it comes to dealing with powerful yaoguai that have no interest in following civilized rules. What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority. It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable. I like Stephen Chow’s take on Tripitaka the most in his 1990s films.
He's written that way on purpose for two reasons. The first is obviously just because it's an easy way to repeatedly set up dramatic situations. The other is because he's a satire of incompetent high-ranking bureaucrats: in over his head, unable to do anything on his own, completely reliant on the competence of his subordinates, superior only by virtue of position, but still finds reasons to quibble or meddle with what the actually competent dude is doing. And also the guy who gets all the fame in the end. Even his role as 'scripture pilgrim' in the Journey is a made-up piece of useless work. It's trivial for any Bodhisattva to instantly transport scriptures from India to China by just riding clouds like Wukong. The whole rigmarole is just because Tripitaka is the incarnation of one of Buddha's original disciples who somehow lost his way and ended up needing to practice ten lifetimes of virtue to regain it. The last lifetime needs to endure 81 trials before he can transcend, and that's basically what happens on the journey. Everything else is just window dressing and collateral damage. A more charitable interpretation is that Tripitaka has been a monk all his life, and spent his childhood being raised by a monk even before he took his vows. So he basically has a very limited and idealized view of life outside of a monastic order, and even less when it comes to dealing with powerful yaoguai that have no interest in following civilized rules. What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority. It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable.
What i haven't seen being mentioned is that essentially Journey to the West is a novel, by a guy who intended to mock the government and politics at the time. There are a lot of metaphor, such as powerful yaoguai always have someone from higher bailing him out (just like any politicians nowadays) or certain disasters were avoidable but let happen anyway to establish authority.
It is a shame due to the fact that Tripitaka was a real monk in Tang China who travels alone to India to retrieve the scripture. It took him decades to travel back and fourth in the time international travel like this is pretty dangerous. The guy is really respectable.
I like Stephen Chow’s take on Tripitaka the most in his 1990s films.
I like to think he had to hold back because of Tang Sanzang else he’d murder them all. Me too. I mean if he uses his full power then no mountain near him would survive
Yaoguais Wukong faced during the journey are quite often Bodhisattvas' disciples or pets. Wukong does not want to fight them, so he pretends to get hurt and makes complains to Bodhisattvas, letting them wipe their own asses. In doing so Wukong avoids offending bodhisattvas or anyone from the Celestial Court.
This is the inconsistency that people kinda choose to overlook just to enjoy the story. In the beginning of the novel Wukong was established as someone that's insanely OP, immortal on multiple levels, almost rival the entire celestial court by himself. Then on the actual Journey to the west he would regularly run into a random Yaoguai that can just go toe to toe with him. A common explanation, which is also my headcanon, is that Wukong himself is practically impossible to be killed, but his damage output is really just physically bonking things with his staff. So when he run into powerful Yaoguais with magical abilities or artifacts he would rather just go ask for help from Buddhas or Celestial deities than dealing with those damage sponges himself. Also because Tang Seng, being a good monk, was never happy seeing Wukong killing anyone, even the monsters. So Wukong often has to hold back when fighting. He was also trapped under a mountain for 500+ years, probably make him a little rusty when it comes to fighting Or you could also say the Yaoguais had all the time to farm XP and level up. It's clear the developers also respect the Yaoguais a lot more than the heavenly court lol. They made it canon with Black Myth that the Jade Emperor's lackeys are filled with cowards who rely on wiles and politics. This, I've read the novals, wukong didn't hold back and killed many demons at the beginning until tang seng asked him to be merciful. Like when he "lost" to princess fan, he literally wasn't planning to hurt her. Yea not to mention, wukong could withstand the fire of the de-immortalizing furnace for 40 days and nights and come out stronger yet almost gets taken out by red boys fire😂 Yes because Red Boy doesn't use "regular" fire, he uses the True Samādhi Fire, which is far far more powerful. Video about it, the entire series is pretty good if you want to learn more about The Journey To The West, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr5IU8g2SHA&list=PLDb22nlVXGgdg_NR_-GtTrMnbMVmtSSXa I’m quite familiar with the journey to the west story lol, I doubt the samadhi fire is more powerful than laozis furnace fire which is used to burn away immortality and create pills of immortality and even gave wukong the fiery gaze. They had to nerf wukong for the sake of a story otherwise there wouldn’t be one. Pretty much have to accept a headcanon that the circlet actively nerfs Wukong cause of the whole "learn humility, patience yadda yadda yadda". It's like how Flash needs to be written kinda dumb otherwise he'd just instantly beat all his villains that ever show up in Central City. I mean, wasn't it one of the very coals from the Eight Trigrams furnance that Wukong kicked over way back then which gave Red Boy the Samadhi flame in the first place? lol Maybe redboy just had stronger flames https://preview.redd.it/ace-v2-will-be-an-akainu-victim-v0-lsaote8qc01b1.png?width=602&format=png&auto=webp&s=047f763915cb1b03e033d8ac5f24203e03a717af Imagine you quit the game 500 years and comeback to find out everyone are now way stronger than you
He was also trapped under a mountain for 500+ years, probably make him a little rusty when it comes to fighting Or you could also say the Yaoguais had all the time to farm XP and level up.
Or you could also say the Yaoguais had all the time to farm XP and level up.
It's clear the developers also respect the Yaoguais a lot more than the heavenly court lol. They made it canon with Black Myth that the Jade Emperor's lackeys are filled with cowards who rely on wiles and politics.
This, I've read the novals, wukong didn't hold back and killed many demons at the beginning until tang seng asked him to be merciful. Like when he "lost" to princess fan, he literally wasn't planning to hurt her.
Yea not to mention, wukong could withstand the fire of the de-immortalizing furnace for 40 days and nights and come out stronger yet almost gets taken out by red boys fire😂 Yes because Red Boy doesn't use "regular" fire, he uses the True Samādhi Fire, which is far far more powerful. Video about it, the entire series is pretty good if you want to learn more about The Journey To The West, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr5IU8g2SHA&list=PLDb22nlVXGgdg_NR_-GtTrMnbMVmtSSXa I’m quite familiar with the journey to the west story lol, I doubt the samadhi fire is more powerful than laozis furnace fire which is used to burn away immortality and create pills of immortality and even gave wukong the fiery gaze. They had to nerf wukong for the sake of a story otherwise there wouldn’t be one. Pretty much have to accept a headcanon that the circlet actively nerfs Wukong cause of the whole "learn humility, patience yadda yadda yadda". It's like how Flash needs to be written kinda dumb otherwise he'd just instantly beat all his villains that ever show up in Central City. I mean, wasn't it one of the very coals from the Eight Trigrams furnance that Wukong kicked over way back then which gave Red Boy the Samadhi flame in the first place? lol Maybe redboy just had stronger flames https://preview.redd.it/ace-v2-will-be-an-akainu-victim-v0-lsaote8qc01b1.png?width=602&format=png&auto=webp&s=047f763915cb1b03e033d8ac5f24203e03a717af
Yes because Red Boy doesn't use "regular" fire, he uses the True Samādhi Fire, which is far far more powerful. Video about it, the entire series is pretty good if you want to learn more about The Journey To The West, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr5IU8g2SHA&list=PLDb22nlVXGgdg_NR_-GtTrMnbMVmtSSXa I’m quite familiar with the journey to the west story lol, I doubt the samadhi fire is more powerful than laozis furnace fire which is used to burn away immortality and create pills of immortality and even gave wukong the fiery gaze. They had to nerf wukong for the sake of a story otherwise there wouldn’t be one. Pretty much have to accept a headcanon that the circlet actively nerfs Wukong cause of the whole "learn humility, patience yadda yadda yadda". It's like how Flash needs to be written kinda dumb otherwise he'd just instantly beat all his villains that ever show up in Central City. I mean, wasn't it one of the very coals from the Eight Trigrams furnance that Wukong kicked over way back then which gave Red Boy the Samadhi flame in the first place? lol
I’m quite familiar with the journey to the west story lol, I doubt the samadhi fire is more powerful than laozis furnace fire which is used to burn away immortality and create pills of immortality and even gave wukong the fiery gaze. They had to nerf wukong for the sake of a story otherwise there wouldn’t be one. Pretty much have to accept a headcanon that the circlet actively nerfs Wukong cause of the whole "learn humility, patience yadda yadda yadda". It's like how Flash needs to be written kinda dumb otherwise he'd just instantly beat all his villains that ever show up in Central City. I mean, wasn't it one of the very coals from the Eight Trigrams furnance that Wukong kicked over way back then which gave Red Boy the Samadhi flame in the first place? lol
Pretty much have to accept a headcanon that the circlet actively nerfs Wukong cause of the whole "learn humility, patience yadda yadda yadda". It's like how Flash needs to be written kinda dumb otherwise he'd just instantly beat all his villains that ever show up in Central City. I mean, wasn't it one of the very coals from the Eight Trigrams furnance that Wukong kicked over way back then which gave Red Boy the Samadhi flame in the first place? lol
Maybe redboy just had stronger flames https://preview.redd.it/ace-v2-will-be-an-akainu-victim-v0-lsaote8qc01b1.png?width=602&format=png&auto=webp&s=047f763915cb1b03e033d8ac5f24203e03a717af
https://preview.redd.it/ace-v2-will-be-an-akainu-victim-v0-lsaote8qc01b1.png?width=602&format=png&auto=webp&s=047f763915cb1b03e033d8ac5f24203e03a717af
Imagine you quit the game 500 years and comeback to find out everyone are now way stronger than you
Yellowbrow didn't you use a gourd, it was the sack - the exact one that's even in the game. Ironically, Wukong never got trapped in the sack itself; it was instead kept being used to suck in every other god Wukong brought to help fight Yellowbrow. Instead, it was Yellowbrow's cymbals that trapped him and gave him a lot of trouble; the exact cymbals in the game used to trap Bajie.
Where does Samadhi fire come from?  It's from the time Wukong wrecked heaven and they put him into a Celestial furnace to be burned alive. The fire didn't kill him, but gave his eyes clarity, like Erlang's third eye.  Wukong can see through any disguise. Wukong got out of the furnace, all upset.  He kicked the furnace.  One of the coal from the furnace fell to earth and created that volcano in chapter 5.  This is where Redboy gets Sadmahi fire. In the novel, red boy was only able to use Samadhi fire after using the five element carts. Samadhi fire is essentially divine fire infused with a certain state/amount of enlightenment/nirvana. It is never fully explained in detail for what it is, but it is supposedly one of the few things that can get pass Wukong's invunerability. After being in the furnace for 49 days and getting clarity, it supposedly gave him either fear or sensitivity from smoke. So in JTTW, when Red boy's Samadhi was burning Wukong, it wasn't significantly hurting Wukong but the smoke bothered him a lot, and out of fear he flew directly into water, with the hot flames and the coldness of the water it sent his body into shock and knocked him out cold almost even killing him. Edit; was to wasn't
In the novel, red boy was only able to use Samadhi fire after using the five element carts. Samadhi fire is essentially divine fire infused with a certain state/amount of enlightenment/nirvana. It is never fully explained in detail for what it is, but it is supposedly one of the few things that can get pass Wukong's invunerability. After being in the furnace for 49 days and getting clarity, it supposedly gave him either fear or sensitivity from smoke. So in JTTW, when Red boy's Samadhi was burning Wukong, it wasn't significantly hurting Wukong but the smoke bothered him a lot, and out of fear he flew directly into water, with the hot flames and the coldness of the water it sent his body into shock and knocked him out cold almost even killing him. Edit; was to wasn't
36 Transformations of Heavenly Canopy is just a transformation spell, and does not have the ability to revive others. Zhu Bajie actually just used some first aid measures, such as the Heimlich maneuver. From what I read, He learned the 36 Heavenly Transformations of Taoism, back when he was the Marshal Tian Peng. The 36 Heavenly Transformations or can be called 36 Heavenly Techniques are not just "transformation", it can alter the universe and shift the course of fate, it's said to be stronger than 72 Earthly Transformations of Sun Wukong. However, due to his limited innate abilities, his indulgence in wine and women, lack of ambition, and being punished by being turned into a pig, Zhu Bajie was unable to fully utilize his potential. This is just a rumor, the 36 Heavenly Techniques and 72 Earthly Transformations in the original Journey to the West are just transformations with different numbers. In the chapter of Guanyin's Goldfish, Zhu Bajie said that he could only transform huge, heavy things, and could not transform into tiny, dexterous things. In other ancient novels, one of the authors assigned a spell to each of the 36 Heavenly Techniques, making the 36 Heavenly Techniques look very powerful, but this has nothing to do with Journey to the West.
From what I read, He learned the 36 Heavenly Transformations of Taoism, back when he was the Marshal Tian Peng. The 36 Heavenly Transformations or can be called 36 Heavenly Techniques are not just "transformation", it can alter the universe and shift the course of fate, it's said to be stronger than 72 Earthly Transformations of Sun Wukong. However, due to his limited innate abilities, his indulgence in wine and women, lack of ambition, and being punished by being turned into a pig, Zhu Bajie was unable to fully utilize his potential. This is just a rumor, the 36 Heavenly Techniques and 72 Earthly Transformations in the original Journey to the West are just transformations with different numbers. In the chapter of Guanyin's Goldfish, Zhu Bajie said that he could only transform huge, heavy things, and could not transform into tiny, dexterous things. In other ancient novels, one of the authors assigned a spell to each of the 36 Heavenly Techniques, making the 36 Heavenly Techniques look very powerful, but this has nothing to do with Journey to the West.
This is just a rumor, the 36 Heavenly Techniques and 72 Earthly Transformations in the original Journey to the West are just transformations with different numbers. In the chapter of Guanyin's Goldfish, Zhu Bajie said that he could only transform huge, heavy things, and could not transform into tiny, dexterous things. In other ancient novels, one of the authors assigned a spell to each of the 36 Heavenly Techniques, making the 36 Heavenly Techniques look very powerful, but this has nothing to do with Journey to the West.
I don’t get the last panel.  Is the keeper saying that to be like “and he also made time to pay respect to his elders” kind of vibe? The moral of comics is that Wukong is surprised that the destined one is able to defeat all these enemies that were tough for Wukong himself to beat in the book. Then the local keeper explains that's because the destined one has access to infinite respawn since he put incense to the shrines. This take makes the most sense.  The comic feels like a translation.  Is it? Edit it is a translated comic.  Wish I could read Vietnamese Vietnamese here. The last part could be translated as "That's because he also regularly offers incense!" So it's not far off. To me that would make it more clear it’s about infinite respawn.  I was imagining the stereotype of an old mother saying to their kid “the neighbors kid is so good he visits his parents all the time” or something like that I think it refers to how he regularly pay his respect at shrines (checkpoints) OG Wukong likes to order the local shrine gods around.
The moral of comics is that Wukong is surprised that the destined one is able to defeat all these enemies that were tough for Wukong himself to beat in the book. Then the local keeper explains that's because the destined one has access to infinite respawn since he put incense to the shrines. This take makes the most sense.  The comic feels like a translation.  Is it? Edit it is a translated comic.  Wish I could read Vietnamese Vietnamese here. The last part could be translated as "That's because he also regularly offers incense!" So it's not far off. To me that would make it more clear it’s about infinite respawn.  I was imagining the stereotype of an old mother saying to their kid “the neighbors kid is so good he visits his parents all the time” or something like that
This take makes the most sense.  The comic feels like a translation.  Is it? Edit it is a translated comic.  Wish I could read Vietnamese Vietnamese here. The last part could be translated as "That's because he also regularly offers incense!" So it's not far off. To me that would make it more clear it’s about infinite respawn.  I was imagining the stereotype of an old mother saying to their kid “the neighbors kid is so good he visits his parents all the time” or something like that
Vietnamese here. The last part could be translated as "That's because he also regularly offers incense!" So it's not far off. To me that would make it more clear it’s about infinite respawn.  I was imagining the stereotype of an old mother saying to their kid “the neighbors kid is so good he visits his parents all the time” or something like that
To me that would make it more clear it’s about infinite respawn.  I was imagining the stereotype of an old mother saying to their kid “the neighbors kid is so good he visits his parents all the time” or something like that
I think it refers to how he regularly pay his respect at shrines (checkpoints)
OG Wukong likes to order the local shrine gods around.
In lore, Wukong got immortality at least 3 times from peaches, pills, enlightenment, and at the end of the story became Buddha. He is the most powerful monkey. We play as The Destined One, a piece of the immortal immortal immortal Wukong.
Wukong may have 6 to 7 times immortality, but the destined ones have infinite lives. Is there a difference? None because they are pretty much the same lol
Is there a difference? None because they are pretty much the same lol
None because they are pretty much the same lol
I think the last line is a reference to a saying in Chinese where directly translated says, "Not burning incense when times are usual, yet hugging the buddha's leg when deadlines approach". Burning incense in offering is like praying to God. So the monkey we play burn incense regularly showing that he is also more deligent in his devotion to Buddism than Sun Wukong was haha. 平时不烧香，临时抱佛脚
平时不烧香，临时抱佛脚
you can read the journey to the west and black myth news from thejourneytothewest.com
This is actually pretty interesting because in book, the monkey is really tanky, basically he stacked immortality buffs. However. He is weak af to stuns- could be smoke screen or other dimensional shit. They just forever trap him (even those methods probably can’t kill him)
I’m confused since I have only just begun chapter 2 but are we not wukong reincarnated ? No Then who are we ? Piece of him. You will learn at the end of the game.
No Then who are we ?
Then who are we ?
Piece of him. You will learn at the end of the game.
The most powerful spell actually costs no mana. It's the ability to turn hair into incense
The destined one is OP. From the novel, wukong managed to beat yellow brow by tricking him eating the melon with wukong as a seed inside it (and he needed help to be released from captive and ask the buddha - yellow brow master to bring yellow brow back). All other enemies listed in above wukong couldn't beat them alone. But joke aside we are all wukong. Destined one is 1 strand of wukong hair after all. So it is that wukong with the save game cheat
Well we got an assist on red boy and Yellowbrow did have to fight baji and I think the corrupted monkie
Spellbinder is the correct spell
I mean his relics really only work for him or his successor so it would make sense they all failed to beat the true destined one.
To be fair the first three relics are more towards collecting things like herbs, spirits and etc.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Remarkable_Eye_3441 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Remarkable_Eye_3441 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Where can I find more of these comic pages?
I actually managed to beat Black Bear and Yellow Wind Sage without Relics. Sokka-Haiku by Starmark_115: I actually managed To beat Black Bear and Yellow Wind Sage without Relics. Remember that one time Sokka accidentally used an extra syllable in that Haiku Battle in Ba Sing Se? That was a Sokka Haiku and you just made one.
Sokka-Haiku by Starmark_115: I actually managed To beat Black Bear and Yellow Wind Sage without Relics. Remember that one time Sokka accidentally used an extra syllable in that Haiku Battle in Ba Sing Se? That was a Sokka Haiku and you just made one.
i great like that.
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence.
