================================================================================  评论列表:
Your girlfriend is really cool and could give out some pointers to the world of relationships. track me No joke mane
No joke mane
Omg where did she get it from? And can it be shipped to North America lol She got it from China but I will ask her! Would love to get my husband one! We love playing side by side this would be a nice Christmas gift for him! Please!! I too would like to know, that looks sick! Everything comes from China these days lol In this case understandable as a piece out of a chinese tale 😏 Yep, and it's beautiful too Dude pls update when you can So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however. They have them in temu for like 20 30 bucks. And can be shipped to usa Oh yeah you're right. I forgot to look on Temu. Not on AliExpress yet tho. I actually saw a few that are around 12 bucks . Lots of different colors and designs too Yeah you're right, I was just looking for specifically ones that looked like the one I got. With the little stem like gourd cap and the golden Chinese characters :) There was an ad that popped up on IG where they sold it for like $30. It’s also on Amazon for $45
She got it from China but I will ask her! Would love to get my husband one! We love playing side by side this would be a nice Christmas gift for him! Please!! I too would like to know, that looks sick! Everything comes from China these days lol In this case understandable as a piece out of a chinese tale 😏 Yep, and it's beautiful too Dude pls update when you can So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however.
Would love to get my husband one! We love playing side by side this would be a nice Christmas gift for him!
Please!!
I too would like to know, that looks sick!
Everything comes from China these days lol In this case understandable as a piece out of a chinese tale 😏 Yep, and it's beautiful too
In this case understandable as a piece out of a chinese tale 😏 Yep, and it's beautiful too
Yep, and it's beautiful too
Dude pls update when you can So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however.
So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however.
They have them in temu for like 20 30 bucks. And can be shipped to usa Oh yeah you're right. I forgot to look on Temu. Not on AliExpress yet tho. I actually saw a few that are around 12 bucks . Lots of different colors and designs too Yeah you're right, I was just looking for specifically ones that looked like the one I got. With the little stem like gourd cap and the golden Chinese characters :)
Oh yeah you're right. I forgot to look on Temu. Not on AliExpress yet tho. I actually saw a few that are around 12 bucks . Lots of different colors and designs too Yeah you're right, I was just looking for specifically ones that looked like the one I got. With the little stem like gourd cap and the golden Chinese characters :)
I actually saw a few that are around 12 bucks . Lots of different colors and designs too Yeah you're right, I was just looking for specifically ones that looked like the one I got. With the little stem like gourd cap and the golden Chinese characters :)
Yeah you're right, I was just looking for specifically ones that looked like the one I got. With the little stem like gourd cap and the golden Chinese characters :)
There was an ad that popped up on IG where they sold it for like $30. It’s also on Amazon for $45
She probably has enough XP to level up to wifey with a move like that Frrrr
Frrrr
What soak do you plan to use?
Now you are monke.
Very nice. What soak/brew does she use? 😀
Love being reminded how single I am.
That is insanely cool.
Bro please tell me i can get this online? My girlfriend bought it online, I think from douyin shop. She's still sleeping so I'll ask her where exactly when she wakes up! Thanks So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however. Look up 葫芦水瓶 on taobao.com.  I don't think they've made it to aliexpress yet.  Edit: if you look for gourd water bottle you can find them on aliexpress too. Temu
My girlfriend bought it online, I think from douyin shop. She's still sleeping so I'll ask her where exactly when she wakes up! Thanks So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however.
Thanks So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however.
So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however.
Look up 葫芦水瓶 on taobao.com.  I don't think they've made it to aliexpress yet.  Edit: if you look for gourd water bottle you can find them on aliexpress too.
Temu
Was this one in the game?????? (I know it is not)
(I know it is not)
Soak with whiskey:) !!!!
what are you brewing with that?
Ah, coconut wine
Where did she get it!??? I needed for my husband!!!
Dude…that’s raw asf🔥🔥🔥🔥
slap a ring on it brodie:
holy fuck if need this
You should marry her if she gives you a staff
Just bought one today, etsy!
Wow i want one too ..nice👍
I saw these! But it seemed like a scam site, now I want one aswell! So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however. Thanks! I'll look into it. I'm very jealous of you right now. Thanks again for the help!
So right now it is only available on douyin and taobao. My girlfriend and I are unable to find it on AliExpress just yet. I think there's also slightly less cool looking ones on Temu. That's what some other comments are saying. Basically you want to search for: 葫芦水壶 and see which one you like. Be careful about ones that are suspiciously cheap however. Thanks! I'll look into it. I'm very jealous of you right now. Thanks again for the help!
Thanks! I'll look into it. I'm very jealous of you right now. Thanks again for the help!
Solid gf
At glance, it looked like a black spider.
You prolly should marry her
Duuuuuuude I need that link!
W
That's pretty awesome, she is the fourth sister giving you a Gourd. What soaks and drink are you running? Water most of the time for health boost, occasional sake for attack boost :D Hahaha, Should have some gensing roots for stamina as well
Water most of the time for health boost, occasional sake for attack boost :D Hahaha, Should have some gensing roots for stamina as well
Hahaha, Should have some gensing roots for stamina as well
Aye this is a FIRE gift.
sick
This is so cool.
Kiss her. Then, tell her to send one to me in Malaysia 🗿
Wow, that’s awesome! Where do I get one?
That's cool where she get it i want 1
Dope
Amazon's got a pretty good variety of them.
This is really dope!!!
W gf
Keeper
she's a keeper bruh
now wife her
Anyone know what the letters said?
bro you're very lucky 😭😭
bro you're very lucky 😭😭
She's a keeper
Thats really cool
The most goated girlfriend ever
I just bought one today from etsy!
I just bought one today from etsy!
Just bought one today, etsy!
That’s a keeper!
That’s a keeper!
That’s a keeper!
where did she buy this gem 🤩
All boys see this and shouted: "Hell yeah!!"
版主已移除评论
That is tremendous your gf is amazing
So cool Wish my girlfriend got me something like that All she ever gives me is headaches Wokka Wokka
There's a wild goku in there.
I seen this on temu a lot, I was too scared to get it though. I wanted a usable onse, and I was worried this would be too small and fragile.
版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
用户已删除评论
which one do you like 😏
Fuck I want one!!
actually I got two hulu , It doesn't look so decorative, because I usually put wine in it and drink it with me. The lacquered hulu is not suitable for wine (it's unhealthy)
