Emergency food ================================================================================  评论列表:
159/160 track me Works for resin and primos
Works for resin and primos
THAT TINGLE?! The hunter... Becomes... The hunted I love how slow that one is to the point that the dude has disappeared long before the voice lines over The wrong test subject... Hnph, another test subject I hate the fact that I can hear all of these lines in those treasure hoarder's voices ANOTHER TEST SUBJECT (X100) HAVE A LITTLE TASTE Picked... The wrong... Test subject... Should… replace my hammer… There you are, eavesdropper! YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee? Look at me... just once more... I got careless. I love when it they all say it synchronously youre OH pen
The hunter... Becomes... The hunted I love how slow that one is to the point that the dude has disappeared long before the voice lines over The wrong test subject... Hnph, another test subject
I love how slow that one is to the point that the dude has disappeared long before the voice lines over
The wrong test subject... Hnph, another test subject
Hnph, another test subject
I hate the fact that I can hear all of these lines in those treasure hoarder's voices
ANOTHER TEST SUBJECT (X100) HAVE A LITTLE TASTE Picked... The wrong... Test subject... Should… replace my hammer… There you are, eavesdropper! YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee? Look at me... just once more... I got careless. I love when it they all say it synchronously
HAVE A LITTLE TASTE Picked... The wrong... Test subject... Should… replace my hammer… There you are, eavesdropper! YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee? Look at me... just once more... I got careless.
Picked... The wrong... Test subject... Should… replace my hammer… There you are, eavesdropper! YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee? Look at me... just once more... I got careless.
Should… replace my hammer… There you are, eavesdropper! YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee? Look at me... just once more...
There you are, eavesdropper! YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee? Look at me... just once more...
YOU CAN'T RUN! Well, neither can I... my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively
my favorite is when rosaria and the fatui say "you can't run" consecutively
You really know how to get me going Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee?
Are youuuu, here to play to play with meee?
Look at me... just once more...
I got careless.
I love when it they all say it synchronously
youre OH pen
Cheap and tasty chop suey! That voice haunts my dreams Omg im not alone
That voice haunts my dreams Omg im not alone
Omg im not alone
WIND BLADE! screaming Wind blaaaaaaayyyyyyde!
screaming Wind blaaaaaaayyyyyyde!
用户已删除评论 All you do is run!! *said as Childe teleports across the arena away from you* well then amuse me surrender is a valid option I promise I'll be gentle Oh boy, I don't want this serpent to ruin me Right ?! wink My selective hearing picks up “I’m hard, come by” "I'm hard, come" "cum"- Ajax "childe" Tartaglia
All you do is run!! *said as Childe teleports across the arena away from you*
well then amuse me surrender is a valid option I promise I'll be gentle Oh boy, I don't want this serpent to ruin me Right ?! wink
Oh boy, I don't want this serpent to ruin me Right ?! wink
Right ?! wink
My selective hearing picks up “I’m hard, come by” "I'm hard, come" "cum"- Ajax "childe" Tartaglia
"I'm hard, come" "cum"- Ajax "childe" Tartaglia
"cum"- Ajax "childe" Tartaglia
the power of water is its ability to take any shape Let's see what happens when you lose your foothold An Assasin from our Homeland? Or a Fool who trespasses opon the waters of Qingce?
Let's see what happens when you lose your foothold An Assasin from our Homeland? Or a Fool who trespasses opon the waters of Qingce?
An Assasin from our Homeland? Or a Fool who trespasses opon the waters of Qingce?
Why don't we explore that area ahead of us later? Wow I actually haven't heard that one for quite a while. Guess I actually got so used to staying in the little enclosure mihoyo made for us that I don't even try to escape anymore. Meanwhile, I still roll over the border with Sayu regularly and get thrown all the way back to Springvale for my crimes. It happens to me as well, but I’ve always wondered, why is it always Springvale? It's probably the closest teleport way point to the 0,0 co ordinate The true gate to Celestia, Paimon knows
Wow I actually haven't heard that one for quite a while. Guess I actually got so used to staying in the little enclosure mihoyo made for us that I don't even try to escape anymore. Meanwhile, I still roll over the border with Sayu regularly and get thrown all the way back to Springvale for my crimes. It happens to me as well, but I’ve always wondered, why is it always Springvale? It's probably the closest teleport way point to the 0,0 co ordinate The true gate to Celestia, Paimon knows
Meanwhile, I still roll over the border with Sayu regularly and get thrown all the way back to Springvale for my crimes. It happens to me as well, but I’ve always wondered, why is it always Springvale? It's probably the closest teleport way point to the 0,0 co ordinate The true gate to Celestia, Paimon knows
It happens to me as well, but I’ve always wondered, why is it always Springvale? It's probably the closest teleport way point to the 0,0 co ordinate The true gate to Celestia, Paimon knows
It's probably the closest teleport way point to the 0,0 co ordinate
The true gate to Celestia, Paimon knows
-running- Kaeya: What's the hurry? -stops for .05 seconds- Kaeya: I didn't know you were such a slacker Also Can't handle the cold? Dies from sheer cold Bruh when I started out I thought Kaeya was immune to sheer cold. Ice man in icy place = natural habitat. Makes sense right? imagine using him in abyss, you have 10 secs left and doge an attack and he just goes “whats the hurry?” like bruh this is the 20th time i reset this gloor stfu- I was playing Kaeya yesterday and I stood for a second and he insulted me, and then I sprinted and he asks what the hurry is. MAKE UP YOUR MIND MAN! Kaeya's sass is one of the reasons why he's my fave of the free/beginning characters. "Wouldn't gliding be faster?"... Ugh, yes venti it would, now would ya shut up
Also Can't handle the cold? Dies from sheer cold Bruh when I started out I thought Kaeya was immune to sheer cold. Ice man in icy place = natural habitat. Makes sense right?
Bruh when I started out I thought Kaeya was immune to sheer cold. Ice man in icy place = natural habitat. Makes sense right?
imagine using him in abyss, you have 10 secs left and doge an attack and he just goes “whats the hurry?” like bruh this is the 20th time i reset this gloor stfu-
I was playing Kaeya yesterday and I stood for a second and he insulted me, and then I sprinted and he asks what the hurry is. MAKE UP YOUR MIND MAN! Kaeya's sass is one of the reasons why he's my fave of the free/beginning characters.
Kaeya's sass is one of the reasons why he's my fave of the free/beginning characters.
"Wouldn't gliding be faster?"... Ugh, yes venti it would, now would ya shut up
VV shred. At my job we have a document storage system whose name is abbreviated as VV. Every time I see "VV" on a work email or chat, first thought is Viridescent Venerer. Similar story for my work. WGS (whole genome sequencing) only looks like Wolf's Gravestone to me
At my job we have a document storage system whose name is abbreviated as VV. Every time I see "VV" on a work email or chat, first thought is Viridescent Venerer. Similar story for my work. WGS (whole genome sequencing) only looks like Wolf's Gravestone to me
Similar story for my work. WGS (whole genome sequencing) only looks like Wolf's Gravestone to me
Timothy's birds Taste the same as I remember But where are those who share the recipe?
Taste the same as I remember But where are those who share the recipe?
But where are those who share the recipe?
who share the recipe?
Cocogoat The legendary adeptibeast it'd be funny to see a non-player understand what cocogoat is Before I started playing I thought Ganyu was the cocogoat until I learned she was a bing qilin.
The legendary adeptibeast
it'd be funny to see a non-player understand what cocogoat is Before I started playing I thought Ganyu was the cocogoat until I learned she was a bing qilin.
Before I started playing I thought Ganyu was the cocogoat until I learned she was a bing qilin.
Gang gang wooo I'd love to play an all archer team but I literally keep a melee character around to beat those abyss mages up brutally and with extreme prejudice
I'd love to play an all archer team but I literally keep a melee character around to beat those abyss mages up brutally and with extreme prejudice
Osmanthus Wine Tastes the same as I remember But where are those who share the memory?
Tastes the same as I remember But where are those who share the memory?
But where are those who share the memory?
Call my name kazoo sounds ADEPTUS XIAO When you awake to a knife at your throat kazoo sounds When monsters dig their claws into you kazoo sounds When death comes knocking at your door kazoo sounds Call out my name kazoo sounds Adeptus Xiao kazoo sounds i will be heeeere when you caaaaalll more kazoo
When you awake to a knife at your throat kazoo sounds When monsters dig their claws into you kazoo sounds When death comes knocking at your door kazoo sounds Call out my name kazoo sounds Adeptus Xiao kazoo sounds i will be heeeere when you caaaaalll more kazoo
i will be heeeere when you caaaaalll more kazoo
"Ad Astra Abyssosque" Ad astra ab- aggressively clicking faster
Ad astra ab- aggressively clicking faster
resin cap
Where are those who.... who? Ehe Surprisingly to me, this actually worked
Surprisingly to me, this actually worked
Wouldn't gliding be faster?
I GOT CARELESS
Boom boom bakudan
Picked…. The wrong……. Test subject
XQ + XL + BT + FLEX = NT
resinless behavior
Fallen Qiqi
Hey girlie, hold still
Geo daddy
Ad astra..... apple sauce
apple sauce
Who? Tao, yeah. What? tatsumi island, yeah
Tao, yeah. What? tatsumi island, yeah
What? tatsumi island, yeah
tatsumi island, yeah
I will have order! Of a venti sized american cappuccino : D
Of a venti sized american cappuccino : D
Jenshin lol
heres my list: 0.6% 50/50 36* + all the weird boss nicknames people give(e.g. purple cube, chonk toad) still call geo hypo dirt block to this day
still call geo hypo dirt block to this day
kaeya's fault... :D
WELCOME TO HELL BITCH Oh Christie, you're so full of shit The only problem with your theory is that IT'S FUCKING WRONG What just because you saw me do it all of the sudden it's me?
Oh Christie, you're so full of shit The only problem with your theory is that IT'S FUCKING WRONG What just because you saw me do it all of the sudden it's me?
The only problem with your theory is that IT'S FUCKING WRONG What just because you saw me do it all of the sudden it's me?
What just because you saw me do it all of the sudden it's me?
Dendro
Bouken da bouken Broken da Broken
Broken da Broken
Ehe te nandayo This was actually a pretty well known meme outside of the Genshin fan base, on tiktok a while ago.
This was actually a pretty well known meme outside of the Genshin fan base, on tiktok a while ago.
Booba sword yOu wiLL bE lAiD uPoN tHiS sTaTuE Inazuma shines eternal
yOu wiLL bE lAiD uPoN tHiS sTaTuE
Inazuma shines eternal
The whole ”small companion = emergency food” trope can be found in One Piece aswell, Chopper was called Emergency Food by Sanji early on and it’s been referenced a decent chunk of times since then. The trope can be traced back to an old comedy manga called Excel Saga, in which there is a dog character called Menchi who acts as a companion to the main characters but their sole purpose is to serve as emergency rations for them (played as a joke ofc But it’s literally what he is) So the whole Emergency Food thing has a more layered history than one might expect and Genshin players are certainly not the only ones familiar with the joke ;) Interesting, I've lost track where I stop watching OP and I might as well just wait for the ending bruh
Interesting, I've lost track where I stop watching OP and I might as well just wait for the ending bruh
I got qiqied follow scarce agonizing fragile rhythm dime late versed gullible groovy This post was mass deleted and anonymized with Redact
follow scarce agonizing fragile rhythm dime late versed gullible groovy This post was mass deleted and anonymized with Redact
Kaeya bridge Kaeyaking
Kaeyaking
Hehe. Te Wouldn't gliding be faster
Te
Wouldn't gliding be faster
“I’m building pity” not genshin exclusive reference though. There is a pity system in most gacha games.
not genshin exclusive reference though. There is a pity system in most gacha games.
Once the snow is thick enough, we can eat it!
Lupical, Baron Bunny Red burny one
Red burny one
"I am sangonomiya kokomi, leader of watatsumi island I-" -girl shut your goofy ass up WASSUP YALL ITS YA BOY CHILDEE “the wait is over my comrades!”
-girl shut your goofy ass up WASSUP YALL ITS YA BOY CHILDEE
“the wait is over my comrades!”
Katana no wa Sabitowareeeee Or Katana wa wasao sasae dashes into you
Or Katana wa wasao sasae
dashes into you
Bouken da Bouken, curse removal, CEO of Geo, Dandelion Tights, Warm milk, What zero resin does to a dude, Magu Kinky, Ayaya, c6 Qiqi, Barbruh, the list goes on and on... Patriarch of pebbles
Patriarch of pebbles
Hostoshi- Bujikyo- Welcome to the- Thank you for- Kono dote-
Kono dote-
Timmie's Pigeons Timmie's pigeons? Where? I only see fowl
Timmie's pigeons? Where? I only see fowl
hilichurl no oni san ga byouki ni natta... hirucharu no oneesan ga kanbyou shite
hirucharu no oneesan ga kanbyou shite
haver wanter
Sabitonareeeeee
50/50
Emergency food
Ehe
USELESS INFERIOR
INFERIOR
Tar tar taglia, lover of snezhnayan queen There was a cat that really was gone
There was a cat that really was gone
manly jack If he's so manly, he should hunt his own boar and grill his own steak... Smh
If he's so manly, he should hunt his own boar and grill his own steak... Smh
Hillichurl, silly-churl... Silly billy hillichurl....
Silly billy hillichurl....
5/5 160/160 1500/1500 I don't understand the 5/5 and 1500/1500
I don't understand the 5/5 and 1500/1500
To survive hardship, you must prepare for hardship
108 Damn, it's been so long I almost forgot about this one
Damn, it's been so long I almost forgot about this one
Tone Deaf Bard Death Bard O_O
Death Bard O_O
Picked… the wrong… test subject (x8)
‘mY aNnIvErsArY rEWaRdS’
don’t be a sLAcKeR
losing 50/50 perhaps
Wangsheng Funeral Parlour
Hilichurl-oneesan
”I pulled a QiQi~”
Add extra applesauce. Yeet. Walnut. Hash brown. National team.
The more the merrier~
Can't crit I mean, crit fishing exists in just about every rpg known to man
I mean, crit fishing exists in just about every rpg known to man
IS THAT ANOTHER PAIMON???
C6 Bennett
Triple-crowned?
drip marketing
Wakaranai
My dinner is atracking me! GUOBA, GET THEM
GUOBA, GET THEM
YOU CAN’T RUN FROM DEBT
Anemo Resonace
I play with Japanese voice acting Every time I speed up my walking pace in real life now I instinctively say "Tsugi no shigoto wa?"
Wouldn’t gliding—
Kapow! Lavender melon.
Lavender melon.
Gang gang woo
VENGEANCE WILL BE MINE!!
Are you alright? Are you fine? Are you OK?
One is so fucking mad.
HA ANOTHER TEST SUBJECT
"I never asked for redemption.. never.." "you will be inlaid upon this statue"
I will have order
Bartobas
Unknown Goddess boss fight in 7.4, uses Xiangling. Xiangling: "Help my dinner is attacking me!" Unknown Goddess 😐
Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl Frilly-churl, willy-churl, frilly-willy hilichurl
who? tao, yeah
CHEAP AND TASTY CHOP SUEEEYYYYYY
Ehe te nandayo ?
Getting qiqi'd
108
Pretty sure I could say “Osmanth—“ and then just stop and genshin people would finish not only the word but the entire sentence.
ha, another test subject
Ad astra abyssosque, welcome to the adventurers guild
