So on a whim of lunacy I decided to recreate the entirety of Liyue Harbor in Unreal Engine 5. ================================================================================  评论列表:
That's an insane amount of dedication and skill. At first glance I thought it was something out of Final fantasy track me Yeah it reminded me of Kugane Kugane is still one of my favorite areas. My FC has the house in Kugane.
Yeah it reminded me of Kugane Kugane is still one of my favorite areas. My FC has the house in Kugane.
Kugane is still one of my favorite areas. My FC has the house in Kugane.
my pc when it hears the words "unreal engine 5" 🔥🔥 chuckles I'm in danger GPU screaming in terror right now. Cooling fans on overdrive!!! 3... 2... 1... Fire 🔥 Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, go, go! Wait wrong sub Fuck right off you bastard!  That brain rot song will be stuck in my head all night, now!  Thank you! 😊❤️🙏 I'll make you spend your dennies all away That's my desire Burn it burnice, burn it burnice, gonna let it burn! F U , now its stucked again lol It about to do its majin vegeta impression. Xbox...Playstation...I do this for you. And yes...even for you, Mobile... Mine would probably grow legs and launch itself out my window Me when forced TAA: 🥸 Device hung I wish my device was hung
chuckles I'm in danger GPU screaming in terror right now. Cooling fans on overdrive!!!
GPU screaming in terror right now. Cooling fans on overdrive!!!
Cooling fans on overdrive!!!
3... 2... 1... Fire 🔥 Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, go, go! Wait wrong sub Fuck right off you bastard!  That brain rot song will be stuck in my head all night, now!  Thank you! 😊❤️🙏 I'll make you spend your dennies all away That's my desire Burn it burnice, burn it burnice, gonna let it burn! F U , now its stucked again lol
Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, Burnice, go, go! Wait wrong sub Fuck right off you bastard!  That brain rot song will be stuck in my head all night, now!  Thank you! 😊❤️🙏 I'll make you spend your dennies all away That's my desire Burn it burnice, burn it burnice, gonna let it burn!
Fuck right off you bastard!  That brain rot song will be stuck in my head all night, now!  Thank you! 😊❤️🙏 I'll make you spend your dennies all away That's my desire
I'll make you spend your dennies all away That's my desire
Burn it burnice, burn it burnice, gonna let it burn!
F U , now its stucked again lol
It about to do its majin vegeta impression. Xbox...Playstation...I do this for you. And yes...even for you, Mobile...
Xbox...Playstation...I do this for you. And yes...even for you, Mobile...
Mine would probably grow legs and launch itself out my window
Me when forced TAA: 🥸
Device hung I wish my device was hung
I wish my device was hung
This is so insanely cool
I can smell my device burning trying to render this
I'm guessing your favourite region is liyue what?! how could you tell sorcery
what?! how could you tell sorcery
holy shit, 3 years well spent! this looks absolutely incredible - you can really feel the love and attention to detail that went into recreating liyue harbor. the lighting and atmosphere are perfect. this makes me want to visit the actual location in-game again! thank you so much it really makes me incredibly happy to read comments like these after this journey of a project! <3
thank you so much it really makes me incredibly happy to read comments like these after this journey of a project! <3
Once you get hired by Hoyo, hide this. My PC ain't running that at even 5 FPS.
Keep an eye out for the hiring e-mail from MiHoYo oh id love that to happen! I'm gonna be real, the fact that you made this, you can shoot your shot on a lot of game studios, even Mihoyo. I will try :D the industry is in a tough spot currently tho so im not too optimistic unfortunately :( If you land a spot on mihoyo, even tencent will want you
oh id love that to happen! I'm gonna be real, the fact that you made this, you can shoot your shot on a lot of game studios, even Mihoyo. I will try :D the industry is in a tough spot currently tho so im not too optimistic unfortunately :( If you land a spot on mihoyo, even tencent will want you
I'm gonna be real, the fact that you made this, you can shoot your shot on a lot of game studios, even Mihoyo. I will try :D the industry is in a tough spot currently tho so im not too optimistic unfortunately :( If you land a spot on mihoyo, even tencent will want you
I will try :D the industry is in a tough spot currently tho so im not too optimistic unfortunately :( If you land a spot on mihoyo, even tencent will want you
If you land a spot on mihoyo, even tencent will want you
Is it with help of RenderDoc (or similar) or all from scratch? Nice work 👍 All from scratch I even guessed the scales by walking and counting the steps of raiden walking around So 1 step of a 1.66m raiden shogun i estimated to be roughly half a meter with some ... leeway here and there trully resinless behaviour 😅 next goal make it to have lantern rite i thought about it ... i also have a rainy version i got a night version i was taking a lot of screenshots of the lantern rite assets from this year but decided doing all these illustration heavy assets as a 3d artist was not feasable alone. the particle system of the lanterns is made in like 10 minutes tho ;D I would love to see it at night, Discovering Liyue at night while walking through the mountains is probably what hooked me to this game. Nah this is better than resinless behavior. OP can put this project on their portfolio/resume. Raiden is only 1.66? Ey she's little But Raiden's step sure sounds like a real unit of measurement, given that she's a god Sara using the Raiden Shogun measuring system on everything. I truly didnt expect her to only be 1cm taller than me. She tiny Do you mean... "Ei" she's little? Haha. TIL I am 4cm taller than Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder.. and I somehow feel offended that 166cm is little Hah! leeway! that pun was indeed intended :D *liyue here and there There fixed it for you. /s Edit: scrolling down. Realized that was intentionally a pun. Noice.
All from scratch I even guessed the scales by walking and counting the steps of raiden walking around So 1 step of a 1.66m raiden shogun i estimated to be roughly half a meter with some ... leeway here and there trully resinless behaviour 😅 next goal make it to have lantern rite i thought about it ... i also have a rainy version i got a night version i was taking a lot of screenshots of the lantern rite assets from this year but decided doing all these illustration heavy assets as a 3d artist was not feasable alone. the particle system of the lanterns is made in like 10 minutes tho ;D I would love to see it at night, Discovering Liyue at night while walking through the mountains is probably what hooked me to this game. Nah this is better than resinless behavior. OP can put this project on their portfolio/resume. Raiden is only 1.66? Ey she's little But Raiden's step sure sounds like a real unit of measurement, given that she's a god Sara using the Raiden Shogun measuring system on everything. I truly didnt expect her to only be 1cm taller than me. She tiny Do you mean... "Ei" she's little? Haha. TIL I am 4cm taller than Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder.. and I somehow feel offended that 166cm is little Hah! leeway! that pun was indeed intended :D *liyue here and there There fixed it for you. /s Edit: scrolling down. Realized that was intentionally a pun. Noice.
trully resinless behaviour 😅 next goal make it to have lantern rite i thought about it ... i also have a rainy version i got a night version i was taking a lot of screenshots of the lantern rite assets from this year but decided doing all these illustration heavy assets as a 3d artist was not feasable alone. the particle system of the lanterns is made in like 10 minutes tho ;D I would love to see it at night, Discovering Liyue at night while walking through the mountains is probably what hooked me to this game. Nah this is better than resinless behavior. OP can put this project on their portfolio/resume.
i thought about it ... i also have a rainy version i got a night version i was taking a lot of screenshots of the lantern rite assets from this year but decided doing all these illustration heavy assets as a 3d artist was not feasable alone. the particle system of the lanterns is made in like 10 minutes tho ;D I would love to see it at night, Discovering Liyue at night while walking through the mountains is probably what hooked me to this game.
I would love to see it at night, Discovering Liyue at night while walking through the mountains is probably what hooked me to this game.
Nah this is better than resinless behavior. OP can put this project on their portfolio/resume.
Raiden is only 1.66? Ey she's little But Raiden's step sure sounds like a real unit of measurement, given that she's a god Sara using the Raiden Shogun measuring system on everything. I truly didnt expect her to only be 1cm taller than me. She tiny Do you mean... "Ei" she's little? Haha. TIL I am 4cm taller than Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder.. and I somehow feel offended that 166cm is little
Sara using the Raiden Shogun measuring system on everything.
I truly didnt expect her to only be 1cm taller than me. She tiny
Do you mean... "Ei" she's little? Haha.
TIL I am 4cm taller than Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder.. and I somehow feel offended that 166cm is little
Hah! leeway! that pun was indeed intended :D
that pun was indeed intended :D
*liyue here and there There fixed it for you. /s Edit: scrolling down. Realized that was intentionally a pun. Noice.
This is the first "X location but UE5" i've seen that isn't just copy-pasted assets to make the place look huge. Massive thumbs up for the effort this must have taken. thank you so much!
thank you so much!
u have issues. the good kind. This reminded me of that guy that was using unreal engine for maplestory maps. Truly nice work you! Where guy name ryu russell https://www.youtube.com/@ryurussell/videos
Where guy name ryu russell https://www.youtube.com/@ryurussell/videos
guy name ryu russell https://www.youtube.com/@ryurussell/videos
Hoyo is hiring for a unreal engine 5 project. Thank you for showing me!!! unfortunately its all in chinese haha and these job postings dont seem to be listed on hoyos official website will keep an eye out on it tho! thanks! <3 As someone who bought unity stock @150 I should cut my losses now. Even hoyo knows unreal is the future 💀
Thank you for showing me!!! unfortunately its all in chinese haha and these job postings dont seem to be listed on hoyos official website will keep an eye out on it tho! thanks! <3
As someone who bought unity stock @150 I should cut my losses now. Even hoyo knows unreal is the future 💀
HOly shit this is unbelievably awesome. What a labor of love! It looks incredible. I'm sure it was hard, but also probably super fun and rewarding.
Very pretty
Amazing work!
Incredible work!
Really cool stuff dude
amazing work, fellow gamer
I haven't even clicked the link, but the title makes me think I am in for something amazing. Really, the dedication to maintain this project for 3 years is already commendable in itself. Saving this post so I can check it out later, but congrats already! keep me updated how you liked the video when you got to it <3 It looks beautiful, both part one and two! Seriously, it's crazy how familiar places feel despite the new visual You did a really great job recreating the scale of the city! It was pleasant to watch, and it's a great portfolio of your skills!! Keep up the great work!
keep me updated how you liked the video when you got to it <3 It looks beautiful, both part one and two! Seriously, it's crazy how familiar places feel despite the new visual You did a really great job recreating the scale of the city! It was pleasant to watch, and it's a great portfolio of your skills!! Keep up the great work!
It looks beautiful, both part one and two! Seriously, it's crazy how familiar places feel despite the new visual You did a really great job recreating the scale of the city! It was pleasant to watch, and it's a great portfolio of your skills!! Keep up the great work!
incredible, thanks
Holy shit
Great work! All your hardwork made this masterpiece! Be proud!
I’m sure this was tough work, great stuff OP!
Wtf that's gorgeous 😭
Good job OP. This is beautiful
You made an incredible work .
BASED! Liyue has always been my favorite Nation.
This is amazing. Liyue is my favorite region and it is the region I am most familiar with, and going through your video is quite nostalgic as every area has been recreated so well. This is definitely a labor of love. Well done, OP!
Now that's dedication! Show this to the devs. I think they'd love to see a fan's appreciation for the world they've created id really love them to see it :D
id really love them to see it :D
No joke , this alone should be enough for them to hire you if you wanted. What an amazing work. Well done. id wish it would be that easy :D but i suppose the difference in style would make that difficult i should start doing more stylized art
id wish it would be that easy :D but i suppose the difference in style would make that difficult i should start doing more stylized art
the video made me a bit emosh, stunning work OP Liyue enjoyers unite ✊️
BRO….Is this what you do when you’re out of resin?????
Op if you are still active can you answer some question of mine . How much time it took . Pc specs on which u made this . How did u make this . 4 is it available to buy Greetings! :D 1: 3 years in total ... i can not estimate how many hours it took unfortunately. 2: Ryzen 5950X RTX 4090 and 64 gb ram 3: i used several programms including: Blender, substance suite, Zbrush, Speedtree, Marvelous designer, houdini fx and more. I am planning on creating a breakdown video :) 4: I would not know what exactly youd want to buy but this is a non commercial project. it was meant as a passion and portfolio piece <3
Greetings! :D 1: 3 years in total ... i can not estimate how many hours it took unfortunately. 2: Ryzen 5950X RTX 4090 and 64 gb ram 3: i used several programms including: Blender, substance suite, Zbrush, Speedtree, Marvelous designer, houdini fx and more. I am planning on creating a breakdown video :) 4: I would not know what exactly youd want to buy but this is a non commercial project. it was meant as a passion and portfolio piece <3
By the Seven that's amazing. thanks! 7 archons or 7 sovereigns? :D I leave that one up to the discretion of the viewer.
thanks! 7 archons or 7 sovereigns? :D I leave that one up to the discretion of the viewer.
I leave that one up to the discretion of the viewer.
Holy fuck bro. Good job and I wish I had your free time, skills and dedication all at once.
The arched wood beam holding the sign that gets a closeup at the ~0:36 mark has the grain going the wrong way (should be more horizontal than just straight vertical) completely unusable. /s Impressive work my guy
This is insanity. I'm just forced to imagine genshin like a traditional rpg without gacha and daily content, like Elden Ring or something. Damn it man, you're bringing tears to my eyes
Was there a previous post about this but it wasn't finished
this is incredible! now do court of fontaine 😈 you will laugh but i literally thought about it already haha but next up would be inazuma :D narukami shrine for example
you will laugh but i literally thought about it already haha but next up would be inazuma :D narukami shrine for example
Damn this is amazing. Did you model/texture all the assets yourself or retexture any from the base game? nothing is ripped from the game. i have a huge collection of reference screenshots i took along the way and at one point i just started having genshin open on my other monitor for reference :D apart from some illustrations 2 friends made and just a few assets from megascans here and there and plugin tools i made like 98 percent of the whole project from scratch :D
nothing is ripped from the game. i have a huge collection of reference screenshots i took along the way and at one point i just started having genshin open on my other monitor for reference :D apart from some illustrations 2 friends made and just a few assets from megascans here and there and plugin tools i made like 98 percent of the whole project from scratch :D
as a fellow UE5 enthusiast how did you make those textures and some of these meshes? did you sculpt them super detailed and just bake em so you can use them as textures cuz imma be honest my mind s blown great to see another ue5 enthusiast :D really depends on what textures and meshes you are talking about :D many things are sculpted or tesselated some are made in houdini some textures are smart materials i created inside substance painter others are made in substance designer i am planning on making a breakdown post in a few weeks ok now you say that you made some things in houdini stuff makes SOOOO much more sense xD i tried houdini for 2 years but i just couldnt for the life of me learn it so i try to focus more on level design and small outdoor levels then entire cities like you xD and substance painter and designer also great for makin such things so maybe a bit of a dumb question of my part shouldve thought more about it but id love to see your breakdown im happy to learn more from others like yourslef
great to see another ue5 enthusiast :D really depends on what textures and meshes you are talking about :D many things are sculpted or tesselated some are made in houdini some textures are smart materials i created inside substance painter others are made in substance designer i am planning on making a breakdown post in a few weeks ok now you say that you made some things in houdini stuff makes SOOOO much more sense xD i tried houdini for 2 years but i just couldnt for the life of me learn it so i try to focus more on level design and small outdoor levels then entire cities like you xD and substance painter and designer also great for makin such things so maybe a bit of a dumb question of my part shouldve thought more about it but id love to see your breakdown im happy to learn more from others like yourslef
ok now you say that you made some things in houdini stuff makes SOOOO much more sense xD i tried houdini for 2 years but i just couldnt for the life of me learn it so i try to focus more on level design and small outdoor levels then entire cities like you xD and substance painter and designer also great for makin such things so maybe a bit of a dumb question of my part shouldve thought more about it but id love to see your breakdown im happy to learn more from others like yourslef
now make fontaine~!
Insane!
Spec drop, look impressive!
This will be Genshin in 2013
Are the steps to Bubu pharmacy still crooked?
YOOO SICK WORK!! I'll never get tired of walking around Liyue Harbor with these renders!
I can already smell the graphics card burning and the frame drop coming (joking aside impressive work but personally I think this doesn't really fit genshin's artstyle)
Wow this is beautiful thanks for sharing!
Damn this is insane! Well done!
Its so beautiful!
So insane!! Amazing, thanks for sharing!
It’s time to rename Liyue harbor after you o7
Meanwhile I as a new player can't even get past/beat Liyue. Guess it's my home now.
So amazing!!!
How did you learn how to do that? That's amazing I am self taught :D so a lot of trial and error as well as sweat blood and tears until i got to a certain point. One huge thing i learned is: dont be ashamed to ask for help or feedback :D
I am self taught :D so a lot of trial and error as well as sweat blood and tears until i got to a certain point. One huge thing i learned is: dont be ashamed to ask for help or feedback :D
Amazing
this is beautiful! it'd be so cool if it could either be hosted somewhere, or a downloadable package where people could walk around
Absolutely amazing!  Looks better than most actual games. I think they should hire some pyro characters to take care of the weeds on the main road though.
Liyue if it was in wuthering waves
While I hate the "Unreal" look, I can appreciate the dedication involved in recreating this, great job
Can you do Fontaine next :) this is seriously amazing !! i honestly would love to but for now i got another project in mind after that i might do fontaine the good thing about fontaine is... that it is smaller than liyue or rather... i dont need to fill in so many background gaps with all i learned i might be able to pull that off within a year i guess :D
i honestly would love to but for now i got another project in mind after that i might do fontaine the good thing about fontaine is... that it is smaller than liyue or rather... i dont need to fill in so many background gaps with all i learned i might be able to pull that off within a year i guess :D
Amazing job I have a few questions. I'm still very new to game engines but familiar with their terms. Did you make all the assets yourself? If so, did you use blender? And lastly, any tips for anyone trying to make a similar project? Tysm <3 hey thanks! i appreciate it :) roughly 98 percent of this project was done from scratch by myself (illustrations where made by friends credited in the youtube video, some plugin content and megascans) i used a variety of programs: Blende, Substance Designer/Painter/Sampler, Zbrush, HoudiniFX, Speedtree, Marvelous Designer, Gaea and Gaea2, Rizom UV, Affinity Designer and Photo as well as Davinci Resolve. Any tips... good question. Set yourself a rough goal on what you want to learn find pieces of media or genres that incorporate these things and push through it :D
hey thanks! i appreciate it :) roughly 98 percent of this project was done from scratch by myself (illustrations where made by friends credited in the youtube video, some plugin content and megascans) i used a variety of programs: Blende, Substance Designer/Painter/Sampler, Zbrush, HoudiniFX, Speedtree, Marvelous Designer, Gaea and Gaea2, Rizom UV, Affinity Designer and Photo as well as Davinci Resolve. Any tips... good question. Set yourself a rough goal on what you want to learn find pieces of media or genres that incorporate these things and push through it :D
I love what you did! Everything is so pretty, you did an awesome job! Would you mind giving me the artstation link? For some reason youtube isn't showing it in full :/
Whattt is so cool! Are you like, environment designer for games or stuff, or is it a hobby of yours :O?
3 years? Thats so slow. I could do it in a day -hands you a stick figure drawing on a house, water and zongli-
Amazing!
Awesome, thanks for sharing your work..
did you use that playstation 3 super computer?
Looks great, even if at 5 FPS.
Absolutely stunning 🤩
This looks amazingly beautiful ! The light like that and the amount of details, I don't have a word to describe how gorgeous this is. Congrats, and thanks for sharing !
If it was today would you have started with another region? Considering you started 3 years ago I guess out of the few options you chose Liyue but what about today, what nation would you want to do? good question and id say with all what i learned along this project i wouldnt want it any other way this became my playground project to test tools i made and workflows and it gave me so many different aspects i could finally tackle i wanted to make trees: check rocks?: check waterfalls: check practice shaderwork play around and find out it became a huge motivation to push forward :D but i have to admit a lot of times i was like... "gawd i should have just made the narukami shrine"
good question and id say with all what i learned along this project i wouldnt want it any other way this became my playground project to test tools i made and workflows and it gave me so many different aspects i could finally tackle i wanted to make trees: check rocks?: check waterfalls: check practice shaderwork play around and find out it became a huge motivation to push forward :D but i have to admit a lot of times i was like... "gawd i should have just made the narukami shrine"
Dedication. This is the type of video you take to a job interview. Great work!
It’s really, really well-done! instantly recognized all of the locations. I was able to imagine myself actually being there. thanks for sharing this!
Looks insane!!! And after reading about how you measured everything you're actually more insane
Is this a repost?
Sorry to ask if someone already asked, can I get a higher resolution version of this picture To use it as my wallpaper? the original picture uploaded is 3840x2160 i dont know how reddit processes this but i think you can open it and save it :) when i click it it resolves to full resolution on my end :) and thank you so much i appreciate it! <3
the original picture uploaded is 3840x2160 i dont know how reddit processes this but i think you can open it and save it :) when i click it it resolves to full resolution on my end :) and thank you so much i appreciate it! <3
This looks phenomenal. Amazing work!
You've been at this longer than I've been playing! Fantastic job!!
So glad genshin ain't unreal engine. My pc can barely run ruwa but it does look good tho
Genshin Impact 2 leaks are going to use this footage when the time comes.
RIP your graphics card
Pretty! Time to import it into Infinity Nikki. They’re releasing their China-themed region this week and the game is run on UE5.
I just watched your video and I’m blown away … wow 😳
Show in a video plz
This looks AMAZING. And from what I've heard MHY hires about 1000 workers overseas...
Is that Mexican Primrose growing in MY Teyvat?!? (jk, this is stunningly phenomenal; thank you for sharing your absolute and utter madness lol <3)
Huge kudos, OP!
Absolutely amazing job. There's been enough UE5 jokes here so I'll just leave it at that
Why did you make the city abandoned? 😅 i am not a character artist. tho i tried to create people with metahuman creator and even did some test clothing for them, i couldnt quite get the retargets of the bones to work well. the humans also wouldnt have looked up to par so i waved the idea of having them in :/
i am not a character artist. tho i tried to create people with metahuman creator and even did some test clothing for them, i couldnt quite get the retargets of the bones to work well. the humans also wouldnt have looked up to par so i waved the idea of having them in :/
You should post this on Bilibili or have someone do it for you and credit you, this is incredible.
Dope
Neat! Now add some funky lantern Rite decoration. :D
Holy cow that is impressive
That feels very Fable vibes from the lighting! I liked it
King's Landing
supercoool
Wow. That's so beautiful.
It’s gorgeous!
Like one if the YT comments mentioned, def post this on bilibili if haven’t already
I've seen enough, time for Sumeru
Please making a video walking around it!!
If ya told me this is a CG from a Dynasty Warrior game or something I would believe it
Well thats god damn impressive.
Dude
holy shit, this fuckin peakkkkkk
I once thought about remaking Mondstart in Blender but then decided not to for my sanity, so hats off To making liyue which has far more dense
Absolute fucking cinema
That's incredible
Why?
what I'd give to be able to just walk in this with VR! liyue always felt like home to me especially at night. magnificent OP
Honestly at first I thought this was in minecraft
You're a madman deserving all the respect in the world. Congrats it looks absolutely stunning, and the video with Liyue, the greatest Genshin track to date in the back, gives me chills.
Absolutely amazing.
Peak resinless behavior This is literally so cool
I bet this is how the world of Genshin looks like to all the inhabitants living in Teyvat A job well done 👍
Absolute cinema
It’s so perfect!
Thought this was a BG3 screenshot at first.
Wait, how long is medical school?
welcome back stormblood trailer
Appreciates the effort! Thank you for this wonderful sight, OP
this is absoulte insanity, you have my utmost respect... wow...
im so used to impressive megabuilds happening in minecraft that when i saw the image my first thought was to look for the square blocks lol. very awesome creation OP.
Now that's love
holy gorgeous
Insane 🔥
My potato computer: best I can do is one patch of grass before I burn hotter than the sun
Grass on the main thoroughfare of a busy city? Trying to show off a bit too much detail there.
that is insane omg
That is so pretty, there are details n this picture I never even realised were there in the game. Amazing attention to detail
Bro ur underselling yourself calling that a fanart. That’s a fking masterpiece. Best I’ve seen. Well done!
Beautiful, I heard genshin was going to change engines in the future? am I misinformed or is it true?
In my opinion if genshin was made in UE5 it would be on par with wuwa's graphics
