================================================================================  评论列表:
版主已移除评论 I'd say it's a Journey from the west A journey to the South Couldn't say any better!👍 American version of the story!!!! 用户已删除评论 Not to be that guy but an Al 47 is Russian try a m249 machine gun Crazy how some people just cannot, possibly, for the love of their life, seem to wrap their head around sarcasm It's an ak, and they're in China. It's a journey to the north. Get your compasses straight!! 🤣 India? More like Indiana. A journey to the far west of Florida Genius This is so ridiculously golden. Dude you might have peaked in life right here 🤣🤣🤣 AKs are from the East brother Came here looking for this comment and to add China is the largest AK47 manufacturer so this fits. NumbersOverFeelings, I own a chinese variant and they are not Kalashnikov buddy. Go back to your hole.
I'd say it's a Journey from the west A journey to the South
A journey to the South
Couldn't say any better!👍
American version of the story!!!! 用户已删除评论 Not to be that guy but an Al 47 is Russian try a m249 machine gun Crazy how some people just cannot, possibly, for the love of their life, seem to wrap their head around sarcasm
用户已删除评论 Not to be that guy but an Al 47 is Russian try a m249 machine gun Crazy how some people just cannot, possibly, for the love of their life, seem to wrap their head around sarcasm
Not to be that guy but an Al 47 is Russian try a m249 machine gun Crazy how some people just cannot, possibly, for the love of their life, seem to wrap their head around sarcasm
Crazy how some people just cannot, possibly, for the love of their life, seem to wrap their head around sarcasm
It's an ak, and they're in China. It's a journey to the north. Get your compasses straight!! 🤣
India? More like Indiana. A journey to the far west of Florida
A journey to the far west of Florida
Genius
This is so ridiculously golden. Dude you might have peaked in life right here 🤣🤣🤣
AKs are from the East brother Came here looking for this comment and to add China is the largest AK47 manufacturer so this fits. NumbersOverFeelings, I own a chinese variant and they are not Kalashnikov buddy. Go back to your hole.
Came here looking for this comment and to add China is the largest AK47 manufacturer so this fits.
NumbersOverFeelings, I own a chinese variant and they are not Kalashnikov buddy. Go back to your hole.
Black Ops Wukong 💀💀 This the one..lol This one 🤣
💀💀
This the one..lol
This one 🤣
Call of Monke The destined weapon.
The destined weapon.
Journey to wild west
Souvenir From The West
Journey to the America.
Is this a new stance? Stance your ground Amazing 🤣 Yep you gotta beat ng plus 7 and it only last for 15 seconds I love that this isn't a crazy ask like requirement wise. 💀💀💀 Yeah it’s the new MAGA stance Normal patriots fan 😂. 2 brain cells and that's about it Fucking lmao They add mod in Wukong Bro don't understand sarcasm 💀
Stance your ground Amazing 🤣
Amazing 🤣
Yep you gotta beat ng plus 7 and it only last for 15 seconds I love that this isn't a crazy ask like requirement wise. 💀💀💀
I love that this isn't a crazy ask like requirement wise. 💀💀💀
Yeah it’s the new MAGA stance Normal patriots fan 😂. 2 brain cells and that's about it Fucking lmao
Normal patriots fan 😂. 2 brain cells and that's about it
Fucking lmao
They add mod in Wukong Bro don't understand sarcasm 💀
Bro don't understand sarcasm 💀
If the game was set in America Gourd will be budweiser beer cans. Corona bottles More like budlight with the character having pronouns Everyone has pronouns dumbass. Came with your subscription to being a person Calm down. You know what I mean lol US High School simulator Damn bro 🤣 Middle School and Elementary too
Gourd will be budweiser beer cans. Corona bottles More like budlight with the character having pronouns Everyone has pronouns dumbass. Came with your subscription to being a person Calm down. You know what I mean lol
Corona bottles
More like budlight with the character having pronouns Everyone has pronouns dumbass. Came with your subscription to being a person Calm down. You know what I mean lol
Everyone has pronouns dumbass. Came with your subscription to being a person Calm down. You know what I mean lol
Calm down.
You know what I mean lol
US High School simulator Damn bro 🤣 Middle School and Elementary too
Damn bro 🤣
Middle School and Elementary too
Journey to Baltimore.
Journey to the West Coast
Modern Warfare: Wukong
black myth cod warfare
Black Myth Redemption
Wu-Kong Clan 👐
Just Wukong valuing his freedom
Type 56 stance.
I maybe out of mana, but I ain't outta options. pulls out the blicky No mana, no problem. No ammo, no way!
No mana, no problem. No ammo, no way!
Do i get this weapon in chapter 3? Come on dude, you need to find the secret area in chapter 4.
Come on dude, you need to find the secret area in chapter 4.
Journey to the USSR: The Soviets Need Money.
COD: Mythological Warfare dlc: yaoguai horde mode
Since it's AK, need better meme Journey to the east
Journey to the east
Lol when u r sick of the hard bosses just pull out a trusty rifle
where can find this mod. if it's available.
Is background music included as well New background music of kids running away from gunman while the school alarm bell rings.
New background music of kids running away from gunman while the school alarm bell rings.
Journey to Chicago
Reminds me of this
Black Myth: Wisconsin
Black myth ops: wukong warfare
Can anyone explain how they do this?
Is the DLC called „Say hello to my little friend”
Journey to the School.
Lmfao r u the streamer? I saw some of ur recordings! so cool🤤 hah Yeah I streamed it on my channel a while back XD
r u the streamer? I saw some of ur recordings! so cool🤤 hah Yeah I streamed it on my channel a while back XD
hah Yeah I streamed it on my channel a while back XD
Grand Theft Wukong
I would give Erlang a fourth eyeball with that dlc
Journey to the actual west.
That wandering wight kill was so satisfying...some straight wandering bullets wight to the head!! How do you come up with this comment 🤣
How do you come up with this comment 🤣
Remind me of the meme about people giving a monkey an AK-47, and it started blasting.
Black Myth Wutang
A journey from the wild of the West
What I wish I could do to Erlang
Blacksmith Wukong
Nah just ruin tha game why don't you smh
This is what happens when you journey to the west. You bring western weapons. Fights are less interesting. 😁
American Stance
Hit Monkey
This shit fucked 😭
Black Myth: Terrorist
What is his build? Looks like the school-shooter build
Looks like the school-shooter build
Black Myth: Wu-gun
Modders are crazy bro
So bad to use and abuse all bosses who abused me, but don't wanna exploit the respect for this Game at the same time.
Westworld
Black Ops: Wukong
Journey to the Wild West
MODERN WUKONG : CALL OF MONKE
Revenge against these damn range yaoguai.
Black gun
Is the DLC called „Say hello to my little friend”
Ngl this really looks good
Now imagine this used with Pluck of many😂😂. I would love to see that happen.
Bro i heard there is a new mode WUKONG DEATHMATCH CO-OP CAPTURE THE KONG
Journey to Ohio
Journey to the East (of Europe)
Had a few moment of hope m8 😂
Myth of Duty
Journey to America
Black ops, call of wukong
When reviewers said there's not enough inclusivity.. this is what they meant
Journey to middle west 🤣🤣
Black Ops: Wukong
Black Gun Wukong: Journey to the land of Freedom.
😂😂😂
:D
CHIRAQ DLC
Black Gang Member: Wukong Journey to Compton
Journey to the Wild West
Black myth wukong if Activision made it (that gym would be in a 30 dollar pay to win bundle)
So black myth shooter？
No..just No.. What's the point if the enemy's don't have a similar weapon they can have much more powerful weapons🤣
they can have much more powerful weapons🤣
Fitting weapon for a monkey
Call of duty sun Wukong
Great Sage-k
BLACK hood wukong
Blue Myth: Stop Resisting
Journey to the wrong hood.
The cod game we wanted all along! Wait a minute... this isn't what I expe - gets shot with an AK-47 . 🤣
BlackMyth: black ops
Wukong warfare 3
Blicky
This isn’t a real mod is it? That would actually be so fun if someone managed to crack that.
Far cry 7
No joke could you drop a link though
Black ops wukong: Journey to the US
Call of Destiny
Want this just to eviscerate that annoying thunder dragon you fight before the prison pagoda.
Lame
Wukong Far Cry From The West DLC
Weapon uses school shooter stance
Monke with a Gun.
How can i add this Mod?
When the Jingu bang isn’t enough against Erlang, he had to switch to the Jingu Bang-Bang-Bang 💥🔫
White myth wukong, journey to the wild wild west
classic a monkey with a ak💀
A journey to the west side
This is vietcong mode. What next is being in the trees!?
Call of Buddha: Monkey Warfare
What is the song name?
We wuz monkeys and shii
Wake me when he has a giant flyswatter for those flying things.
Wukong vs the Bosses
Medal of Wukong Modern Wukong Monke of Duty Metal Monke Solid Army of Wu: 40th day
I see giving freedom
Dicked em raw 😝
One shot
AK love
I was excited . But wasn't disappointed
Well this is epic! How can I get the mod?
🤣🤣🤣
Medal of monke
journey to the wesside
Wild Wild West !!
Call of monkey: Mythical Warfare
I platinum and I just can’t wait to play this DLC.
A Journey to the hood
Hahaab thats a fun mod
If America made jttw instead
You’re using American magic!!!!
Sooo Wukong learned gunfu eh? Very good now he can say "parry this you filthy casual".
Them scripture be hitting different
It looks harder than it should.  why?
u/savevideobot
This made my day lmao
Looks like golden eye. Lol
Jingubangbang
This might make the game fair
Perfect Black Myth!
Vietcong 3 is looking lit
I'm a bot, bleep , bloop . Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit: [ r/asmongold ] Mod Turns Black Myth: Wukong into a FPS If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads. ( Info / ^ Contact )
