================================================================================  评论列表:
My guy is about to get a heart attack from the enthusiasm track me Maybe he was the monkey king in his time and this is just childsplay for him? Maybe so. Maybe so. Good point Well said
Maybe he was the monkey king in his time and this is just childsplay for him? Maybe so. Maybe so. Good point Well said
Maybe so. Maybe so.
Good point
Well said
That frame rate is atrocious. Sorry, spent all the budget on the mist machine And it was absolutely worth it. I would LOVE to play with this. The PC or PS5 literally struggling to breath at the cost of immersion. Only $50 Grandpa probably doesn’t even know what that is lmao. He’s just having fun. It was like when we were playing 4-player co-op in Perfect Dark and Goldeneye on the N64 and getting single-digit frame rates but still having a blast. I'm a grandpa and I have forgotten more about gaming and gaming technology than half the "gamers" out there will ever know. My generation invented video games. We are the OG. Next time you are getting your ass handed to you online know that I may very well be by some  "old dude" that can get a senior discount at McDonald's!!!! Difference is that games were designed for that back then tho, I doubt too low fps is ‘nothing’ in a fast paced combat game No, they weren’t designed for low fps back then. It was just a byproduct of 4 player matches having to render the game four times albeit at a much lower resolution because of the smaller fov for every player and details were also pared back significantly. My point is that the games are designed for low framerates, you can’t apply the ‘4 player render issue’ i to logic as games to this day (and last decade) always had issues with framerates when playing splitscreen. Games back then were designed in a way where low fps makes it playable, if you’re playing any shooter game now below 10fps you’d quickly realize how bad the ganes are, but when you compare it to very old shooter games, it plays good at low fps. Goldeneye and Perfect Dark did not play good at low fps. During intense moments in multiplayer, it was impossible to aim because the game quite literally turned into a slideshow. No idea what you’re talking about. Those games were targeting 30fps but often running below. 25fps is playable, just doesn’t feel good. Back then on consoles at least, we didn’t have the choice. Anyone coming from a capable PC in the late 90s would ask wtf is going on when playing console shooters because they ran so slow compared to Quake or Unreal. Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games I just noticed LMFAOOO how tf is he playing with this framerate, that's so sick My frame-rate is better than that, but not great. I play it on a steam deck which is under-powered. There are some BIOS settings and in-game settings to change to get 30 most of the time. Fights are usually smooth, but random little hiccups. In all seriousness, you aren't looking at the true frame rate of the game, but the interpolated frame rate through their camera frame rate. 10 frames per once in a while
Sorry, spent all the budget on the mist machine And it was absolutely worth it. I would LOVE to play with this. The PC or PS5 literally struggling to breath at the cost of immersion. Only $50
And it was absolutely worth it. I would LOVE to play with this.
The PC or PS5 literally struggling to breath at the cost of immersion.
Only $50
Grandpa probably doesn’t even know what that is lmao. He’s just having fun. It was like when we were playing 4-player co-op in Perfect Dark and Goldeneye on the N64 and getting single-digit frame rates but still having a blast. I'm a grandpa and I have forgotten more about gaming and gaming technology than half the "gamers" out there will ever know. My generation invented video games. We are the OG. Next time you are getting your ass handed to you online know that I may very well be by some  "old dude" that can get a senior discount at McDonald's!!!! Difference is that games were designed for that back then tho, I doubt too low fps is ‘nothing’ in a fast paced combat game No, they weren’t designed for low fps back then. It was just a byproduct of 4 player matches having to render the game four times albeit at a much lower resolution because of the smaller fov for every player and details were also pared back significantly. My point is that the games are designed for low framerates, you can’t apply the ‘4 player render issue’ i to logic as games to this day (and last decade) always had issues with framerates when playing splitscreen. Games back then were designed in a way where low fps makes it playable, if you’re playing any shooter game now below 10fps you’d quickly realize how bad the ganes are, but when you compare it to very old shooter games, it plays good at low fps. Goldeneye and Perfect Dark did not play good at low fps. During intense moments in multiplayer, it was impossible to aim because the game quite literally turned into a slideshow. No idea what you’re talking about. Those games were targeting 30fps but often running below. 25fps is playable, just doesn’t feel good. Back then on consoles at least, we didn’t have the choice. Anyone coming from a capable PC in the late 90s would ask wtf is going on when playing console shooters because they ran so slow compared to Quake or Unreal. Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games
I'm a grandpa and I have forgotten more about gaming and gaming technology than half the "gamers" out there will ever know. My generation invented video games. We are the OG. Next time you are getting your ass handed to you online know that I may very well be by some  "old dude" that can get a senior discount at McDonald's!!!!
Difference is that games were designed for that back then tho, I doubt too low fps is ‘nothing’ in a fast paced combat game No, they weren’t designed for low fps back then. It was just a byproduct of 4 player matches having to render the game four times albeit at a much lower resolution because of the smaller fov for every player and details were also pared back significantly. My point is that the games are designed for low framerates, you can’t apply the ‘4 player render issue’ i to logic as games to this day (and last decade) always had issues with framerates when playing splitscreen. Games back then were designed in a way where low fps makes it playable, if you’re playing any shooter game now below 10fps you’d quickly realize how bad the ganes are, but when you compare it to very old shooter games, it plays good at low fps. Goldeneye and Perfect Dark did not play good at low fps. During intense moments in multiplayer, it was impossible to aim because the game quite literally turned into a slideshow. No idea what you’re talking about. Those games were targeting 30fps but often running below. 25fps is playable, just doesn’t feel good. Back then on consoles at least, we didn’t have the choice. Anyone coming from a capable PC in the late 90s would ask wtf is going on when playing console shooters because they ran so slow compared to Quake or Unreal. Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games
No, they weren’t designed for low fps back then. It was just a byproduct of 4 player matches having to render the game four times albeit at a much lower resolution because of the smaller fov for every player and details were also pared back significantly. My point is that the games are designed for low framerates, you can’t apply the ‘4 player render issue’ i to logic as games to this day (and last decade) always had issues with framerates when playing splitscreen. Games back then were designed in a way where low fps makes it playable, if you’re playing any shooter game now below 10fps you’d quickly realize how bad the ganes are, but when you compare it to very old shooter games, it plays good at low fps. Goldeneye and Perfect Dark did not play good at low fps. During intense moments in multiplayer, it was impossible to aim because the game quite literally turned into a slideshow. No idea what you’re talking about. Those games were targeting 30fps but often running below. 25fps is playable, just doesn’t feel good. Back then on consoles at least, we didn’t have the choice. Anyone coming from a capable PC in the late 90s would ask wtf is going on when playing console shooters because they ran so slow compared to Quake or Unreal. Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games
My point is that the games are designed for low framerates, you can’t apply the ‘4 player render issue’ i to logic as games to this day (and last decade) always had issues with framerates when playing splitscreen. Games back then were designed in a way where low fps makes it playable, if you’re playing any shooter game now below 10fps you’d quickly realize how bad the ganes are, but when you compare it to very old shooter games, it plays good at low fps. Goldeneye and Perfect Dark did not play good at low fps. During intense moments in multiplayer, it was impossible to aim because the game quite literally turned into a slideshow. No idea what you’re talking about. Those games were targeting 30fps but often running below. 25fps is playable, just doesn’t feel good. Back then on consoles at least, we didn’t have the choice. Anyone coming from a capable PC in the late 90s would ask wtf is going on when playing console shooters because they ran so slow compared to Quake or Unreal. Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games
Goldeneye and Perfect Dark did not play good at low fps. During intense moments in multiplayer, it was impossible to aim because the game quite literally turned into a slideshow. No idea what you’re talking about. Those games were targeting 30fps but often running below. 25fps is playable, just doesn’t feel good. Back then on consoles at least, we didn’t have the choice. Anyone coming from a capable PC in the late 90s would ask wtf is going on when playing console shooters because they ran so slow compared to Quake or Unreal. Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games
Ofcourse some games don’t but majority do, as a kid I played (downvote me to hell) over 10000 different types of games on different type of emulators on pc,someone incrhe family did alot of torrenting, I experienced all variety of games and never had any issues with slow framerates besides some specific games, even now returning, you could cap any of the game at 30 fps and jt would be NO issue and thag is coming from someone that currently plays most games at 144+ fps&hz, and can’t stand <60 fps on modern games
I just noticed LMFAOOO how tf is he playing with this framerate, that's so sick
My frame-rate is better than that, but not great. I play it on a steam deck which is under-powered. There are some BIOS settings and in-game settings to change to get 30 most of the time. Fights are usually smooth, but random little hiccups.
In all seriousness, you aren't looking at the true frame rate of the game, but the interpolated frame rate through their camera frame rate.
10 frames per once in a while
That 6D real life experience 😂😂
😂😂
Looks like he's playing from the celestial court. lol
用户已删除评论 Those are the PC coolant
Those are the PC coolant
5D, one for each frame per second he’s getting 🙃 And he's having more fun playing this game than you will ever have playing any game ever.
🙃
And he's having more fun playing this game than you will ever have playing any game ever.
The best part of the video is playing on a backwards plastic $20 chair! Bring back memories of the good ol days. 20? That would be just $5 dollar at most 😂
20? That would be just $5 dollar at most 😂
that's very stylish grandpa
Is that a smoke machine to help get into the zone? 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
My CPU does the same thing.
That MF Laggin!!!!! 5.5 FPS
The frame rate issue is likely because this is actually staged. From the elderly man's jerky movements, it's clear he doesn't know how to control it, and the content on the TV is most likely a video from the internet.
Really hope they got good ventilation there. An instagramer poison a bunch of people by putting a lot of dry ice in an indoorpool.
Was kind of hoping this wasn’t the fight
If he dies, he dies
Why is the other guy sitting on sofa so serious?  Probably never saw this game before? This is a tutorial fight.  You can't lose this.
Grandpa: I've known this legend better before you were born!
Lol, this is cinema
Wait 'till he fight's Tiger Vanguard 🩸🩸🩸
That glorious framerate though
my man had to have the atmosphere 😭
Noob question, but is it safe to set up a mist machine near any electronic devices?
that's two bowl of dry ice over there. carbon dioxide poisoning ain't a joke bro
That’s a good way to ruin your electronics lol
dream moment
That the opening fight of the game?
Let him try it the second time. Got dammit lol
People are amazing with the stuff they come up with!
This is what looks like if the game was running on XSS. But it’s running on a ps5 or pc, either way it’s atrocious.
But it’s running on a ps5 or pc, either way it’s atrocious.
They probably died of co2 poisoning, they don't know how dangerous dry ice is Do you see how they're all above the fog and not breathing it in directly? Yeah because its heavier than air it stays low, but most Asian cultures have their beds on the floor, maybe chinese ppl do that too? There was an incident where russian teens dropped a lot of dry ice in a pool, they played around and more than 3 of them died because of that. Its always good to know such things, some die, more learn
Do you see how they're all above the fog and not breathing it in directly? Yeah because its heavier than air it stays low, but most Asian cultures have their beds on the floor, maybe chinese ppl do that too? There was an incident where russian teens dropped a lot of dry ice in a pool, they played around and more than 3 of them died because of that. Its always good to know such things, some die, more learn
Yeah because its heavier than air it stays low, but most Asian cultures have their beds on the floor, maybe chinese ppl do that too? There was an incident where russian teens dropped a lot of dry ice in a pool, they played around and more than 3 of them died because of that. Its always good to know such things, some die, more learn
https://youtu.be/nNskYIDayQE Some chapter 4 secret Realm fun
Just gaming while Asian.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/AwakeAmongTheAsleep , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/AwakeAmongTheAsleep , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I have that same crab - he’s a lot of fun Do you share-time it with gramps or are you low-key admitting to crabnapping?
Do you share-time it with gramps or are you low-key admitting to crabnapping?
Quite the immersive experience. I'm jealous.
Badass
can't wait until his grandchildren shower him in blood once he sees Tony.
can't wait until his grandchildren shower him in blood once he sees Tony.
Based grandpa
He's loving it so much :D
Talk about immersion 😆 this is awesome
Give grandpa a better PC pls
Wow, how far would he get?  I am already feeling old by this game.  And I am probably half his age.
That's pasion
版主已移除评论 Hello u/godbops139 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/godbops139 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Ayo that's dope af
So that’s the immersive gaming experience you all are talking about
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Novel-Phone9166 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Novel-Phone9166 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hardcore OG
版主已移除评论 Hello u/BusinessAd7980 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/BusinessAd7980 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/106scastratedballs , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/106scastratedballs , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Lol these particle system look real af that why the fps is like 15 =))
And here my ass killed yellow sage in 5 days
u/savevideo View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
View link Info | Feedback | Donate | DMCA | reddit video downloader | twitter video downloader
Pretty sure his controller is unplugged and that’s a YouTube video. Is the game supposed to be like 12 fps?
This is amazing
I’ll never share
