================================================================================  评论列表:
Not a surprise considering its fan voted and it sold by far the most this year! track me BMW has a ton of passionate fans who love the game. So fully deserved. It's not about sales, otherwise COD would win every year. COD sells tons of copies every year, but their fans are not passionate about the games. CoD fans are too busy sweating to notice game awards voting. And fucking each other's moms I guess It can be both There's a reason this game got voted btw - so more people can sh*t on how it doesn't deserve it. I mean, no hate on my end, I love BMW. But can't can't say the same for its sheer number of haters. I will never understand the argument of "only because Chinese players bought it" they're players too. In their eyes, Chinese players are just a small minority, accounting for only 5%. What many people don’t realize is that, many years ago, Chinese players had already become the largest group on Steam. Countless obscure Western games that were once deemed unprofitable experienced a surge in sales thanks to Chinese players, supporting numerous Western game studios. This sounds really racist.. it’s basically saying Chinese players’ opinions don’t or shouldn’t matter (as much as opinions of players from the West I assume). Some of the biggest subs are actually doing this right now. Saying this being 100% fan voted doesn't matter at all cuz Chinese players brigading. It sounds racist because it is racist. BM: W sold a massive 5-6+ mill copies outside of China on Steam alone, with an unspecified number of sales outside of China on the PS5 as well. That's already well over most other games this year, so the "only Chinese players supported it" argument is moot. They wouldn't be saying the same if say, GTA were to be in a similar position but with American/Western audience votes. They also fail to understand that China is the biggest consumer of video games worldwide with 112 billion US dollars annually, so if Chinese players were to be disregarded, that would cut their faves' revenue and playerbase by half. I will take the audience votes over a panel of people who can be bought with a check any day. I get attacked just for saying the word Chinese and they think I'm a CCP bot lmfao. Apparently, I'm prohibited from saying anything about my culture while the rest of the world is free to sh*t on it however they please, yeah sure ok. Had BMW been of any other culture besides Chinese, no one would even bring up its Chinese playerbase. Just goes to show the stupid level of bias people have towards a culture they know nothing about besides what their media tells them. And even without Chinese players, wukong is still one of the largest releases this year. It has been sold more than 4m steam copies outside of China. Could be even much more if add currently unknown ps5 sales number in. There's a very real, tangible, stupid, underhanded, scummy reason it had so many haters. They're called game journalists. Namely Rebecca Valentine. Lol that messed-up looking shimit correcting herself over a dozen times should just take flight as a hermit. No one needs to mentally incapacitate themselves looking at that Smeagol Edit: Shimit - She/He/It There are barely any haters for this game lol. People saying they prefer Elden ring or think sekiro is better aren't considered haters. I loved the game but I got more fun out of Elden ring but I know having 1/4 the budget of elden ring it cannot be judged on the same basis.
BMW has a ton of passionate fans who love the game. So fully deserved. It's not about sales, otherwise COD would win every year. COD sells tons of copies every year, but their fans are not passionate about the games. CoD fans are too busy sweating to notice game awards voting. And fucking each other's moms I guess It can be both
CoD fans are too busy sweating to notice game awards voting. And fucking each other's moms I guess
And fucking each other's moms I guess
It can be both
There's a reason this game got voted btw - so more people can sh*t on how it doesn't deserve it. I mean, no hate on my end, I love BMW. But can't can't say the same for its sheer number of haters. I will never understand the argument of "only because Chinese players bought it" they're players too. In their eyes, Chinese players are just a small minority, accounting for only 5%. What many people don’t realize is that, many years ago, Chinese players had already become the largest group on Steam. Countless obscure Western games that were once deemed unprofitable experienced a surge in sales thanks to Chinese players, supporting numerous Western game studios. This sounds really racist.. it’s basically saying Chinese players’ opinions don’t or shouldn’t matter (as much as opinions of players from the West I assume). Some of the biggest subs are actually doing this right now. Saying this being 100% fan voted doesn't matter at all cuz Chinese players brigading. It sounds racist because it is racist. BM: W sold a massive 5-6+ mill copies outside of China on Steam alone, with an unspecified number of sales outside of China on the PS5 as well. That's already well over most other games this year, so the "only Chinese players supported it" argument is moot. They wouldn't be saying the same if say, GTA were to be in a similar position but with American/Western audience votes. They also fail to understand that China is the biggest consumer of video games worldwide with 112 billion US dollars annually, so if Chinese players were to be disregarded, that would cut their faves' revenue and playerbase by half. I will take the audience votes over a panel of people who can be bought with a check any day. I get attacked just for saying the word Chinese and they think I'm a CCP bot lmfao. Apparently, I'm prohibited from saying anything about my culture while the rest of the world is free to sh*t on it however they please, yeah sure ok. Had BMW been of any other culture besides Chinese, no one would even bring up its Chinese playerbase. Just goes to show the stupid level of bias people have towards a culture they know nothing about besides what their media tells them. And even without Chinese players, wukong is still one of the largest releases this year. It has been sold more than 4m steam copies outside of China. Could be even much more if add currently unknown ps5 sales number in. There's a very real, tangible, stupid, underhanded, scummy reason it had so many haters. They're called game journalists. Namely Rebecca Valentine. Lol that messed-up looking shimit correcting herself over a dozen times should just take flight as a hermit. No one needs to mentally incapacitate themselves looking at that Smeagol Edit: Shimit - She/He/It There are barely any haters for this game lol. People saying they prefer Elden ring or think sekiro is better aren't considered haters. I loved the game but I got more fun out of Elden ring but I know having 1/4 the budget of elden ring it cannot be judged on the same basis.
I will never understand the argument of "only because Chinese players bought it" they're players too. In their eyes, Chinese players are just a small minority, accounting for only 5%. What many people don’t realize is that, many years ago, Chinese players had already become the largest group on Steam. Countless obscure Western games that were once deemed unprofitable experienced a surge in sales thanks to Chinese players, supporting numerous Western game studios. This sounds really racist.. it’s basically saying Chinese players’ opinions don’t or shouldn’t matter (as much as opinions of players from the West I assume). Some of the biggest subs are actually doing this right now. Saying this being 100% fan voted doesn't matter at all cuz Chinese players brigading. It sounds racist because it is racist. BM: W sold a massive 5-6+ mill copies outside of China on Steam alone, with an unspecified number of sales outside of China on the PS5 as well. That's already well over most other games this year, so the "only Chinese players supported it" argument is moot. They wouldn't be saying the same if say, GTA were to be in a similar position but with American/Western audience votes. They also fail to understand that China is the biggest consumer of video games worldwide with 112 billion US dollars annually, so if Chinese players were to be disregarded, that would cut their faves' revenue and playerbase by half. I will take the audience votes over a panel of people who can be bought with a check any day. I get attacked just for saying the word Chinese and they think I'm a CCP bot lmfao. Apparently, I'm prohibited from saying anything about my culture while the rest of the world is free to sh*t on it however they please, yeah sure ok. Had BMW been of any other culture besides Chinese, no one would even bring up its Chinese playerbase. Just goes to show the stupid level of bias people have towards a culture they know nothing about besides what their media tells them.
In their eyes, Chinese players are just a small minority, accounting for only 5%. What many people don’t realize is that, many years ago, Chinese players had already become the largest group on Steam. Countless obscure Western games that were once deemed unprofitable experienced a surge in sales thanks to Chinese players, supporting numerous Western game studios.
This sounds really racist.. it’s basically saying Chinese players’ opinions don’t or shouldn’t matter (as much as opinions of players from the West I assume). Some of the biggest subs are actually doing this right now. Saying this being 100% fan voted doesn't matter at all cuz Chinese players brigading. It sounds racist because it is racist. BM: W sold a massive 5-6+ mill copies outside of China on Steam alone, with an unspecified number of sales outside of China on the PS5 as well. That's already well over most other games this year, so the "only Chinese players supported it" argument is moot. They wouldn't be saying the same if say, GTA were to be in a similar position but with American/Western audience votes. They also fail to understand that China is the biggest consumer of video games worldwide with 112 billion US dollars annually, so if Chinese players were to be disregarded, that would cut their faves' revenue and playerbase by half. I will take the audience votes over a panel of people who can be bought with a check any day.
Some of the biggest subs are actually doing this right now. Saying this being 100% fan voted doesn't matter at all cuz Chinese players brigading.
It sounds racist because it is racist. BM: W sold a massive 5-6+ mill copies outside of China on Steam alone, with an unspecified number of sales outside of China on the PS5 as well. That's already well over most other games this year, so the "only Chinese players supported it" argument is moot. They wouldn't be saying the same if say, GTA were to be in a similar position but with American/Western audience votes. They also fail to understand that China is the biggest consumer of video games worldwide with 112 billion US dollars annually, so if Chinese players were to be disregarded, that would cut their faves' revenue and playerbase by half. I will take the audience votes over a panel of people who can be bought with a check any day.
I get attacked just for saying the word Chinese and they think I'm a CCP bot lmfao. Apparently, I'm prohibited from saying anything about my culture while the rest of the world is free to sh*t on it however they please, yeah sure ok. Had BMW been of any other culture besides Chinese, no one would even bring up its Chinese playerbase. Just goes to show the stupid level of bias people have towards a culture they know nothing about besides what their media tells them.
And even without Chinese players, wukong is still one of the largest releases this year. It has been sold more than 4m steam copies outside of China. Could be even much more if add currently unknown ps5 sales number in.
There's a very real, tangible, stupid, underhanded, scummy reason it had so many haters. They're called game journalists. Namely Rebecca Valentine. Lol that messed-up looking shimit correcting herself over a dozen times should just take flight as a hermit. No one needs to mentally incapacitate themselves looking at that Smeagol Edit: Shimit - She/He/It
Lol that messed-up looking shimit correcting herself over a dozen times should just take flight as a hermit. No one needs to mentally incapacitate themselves looking at that Smeagol Edit: Shimit - She/He/It
There are barely any haters for this game lol. People saying they prefer Elden ring or think sekiro is better aren't considered haters. I loved the game but I got more fun out of Elden ring but I know having 1/4 the budget of elden ring it cannot be judged on the same basis.
Man I just happened to tune in and watched the exact moment of announcing Ultimate GOTY. Congras to GS and every Destined One! Also Fengji mentioned "there might be some surprises" before the end of the year. I'm curious what that will be. It should be the news about the DLC. They would also release some game progress updates during the Chinese New Year in previous years. I see. I personally really hope they can add new game mode like "boss battle" so you can just go and fight any boss, after you beat the game of course. As for DLC, they can take as much time as they need, I just want it to be good :D boss rush v3 mod on nexus is really good. DLC Progress: New Folder
It should be the news about the DLC. They would also release some game progress updates during the Chinese New Year in previous years. I see. I personally really hope they can add new game mode like "boss battle" so you can just go and fight any boss, after you beat the game of course. As for DLC, they can take as much time as they need, I just want it to be good :D boss rush v3 mod on nexus is really good.
I see. I personally really hope they can add new game mode like "boss battle" so you can just go and fight any boss, after you beat the game of course. As for DLC, they can take as much time as they need, I just want it to be good :D boss rush v3 mod on nexus is really good.
boss rush v3 mod on nexus is really good.
DLC Progress: New Folder
lmao, Feng ji said "having a kasay isnt a bad thing at all" with his t-shirt of Jinchi Logo He also said there might be some surprises for people who already completed the game this year. I wonder what those surprises could be? yangqi said the surprise is the physical book of ingame journal He refence so many meme from China in his video. Like said证明金摇杆的含金量, prove the credibility Golden Joystick in chinese. 袈裟, U know the Kasaya.
He also said there might be some surprises for people who already completed the game this year. I wonder what those surprises could be? yangqi said the surprise is the physical book of ingame journal
yangqi said the surprise is the physical book of ingame journal
He refence so many meme from China in his video. Like said证明金摇杆的含金量, prove the credibility Golden Joystick in chinese. 袈裟, U know the Kasaya.
Monkes strong t'getha!
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: sint0ma 点赞: 35 时间: 2024-11-21T19:45:31.012000+0000 内容:
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: yallahabibii 点赞: 62 时间: 2024-11-21T18:35:14.778000+0000 内容:
The saltiness is unreal in other subreddit. It's wild. I saw one of the top comments saying combat is lacking. And most of them are "ah yeah China, Chinese market yeah" "It's so average..." " xxx game got robbed" A guy said "good thing bg3 released last year else it would have been robbed by this" lmao, bg3 would have easily won even then. People just wanna be salty af and they're trying hard to prove that this award is not legit. Especially because fortnite won over GOW and RDR2 in 2018. It's literally a people's vote so It's understandable how fortnite would've gotten so many votes as battle royale was a huge thing back then. It's a 50/50 but I really hope it wins GOTY in game awards so I can see these people cry and stay butthurt. BG3 winning is due in no small part to the Chinese market.
It's wild. I saw one of the top comments saying combat is lacking. And most of them are "ah yeah China, Chinese market yeah" "It's so average..." " xxx game got robbed" A guy said "good thing bg3 released last year else it would have been robbed by this" lmao, bg3 would have easily won even then. People just wanna be salty af and they're trying hard to prove that this award is not legit. Especially because fortnite won over GOW and RDR2 in 2018. It's literally a people's vote so It's understandable how fortnite would've gotten so many votes as battle royale was a huge thing back then. It's a 50/50 but I really hope it wins GOTY in game awards so I can see these people cry and stay butthurt. BG3 winning is due in no small part to the Chinese market.
BG3 winning is due in no small part to the Chinese market.
MONKE TOGETHER
We are the GOTY!
Whats UGOTY vs GOTY? Nothing. It's just the name this outlet gives to Game of the Year. Probably just different names so this award doesn’t get confused with TGA’s GOTY
Nothing. It's just the name this outlet gives to Game of the Year.
Probably just different names so this award doesn’t get confused with TGA’s GOTY
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: CuriousRammer 点赞: 19 时间: 2024-11-21T19:25:30.518000+0000 内容: Well deserved I'd say, I really enjoyed this freaking game. This really is a 'Destined' game <3
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: LeviaTz 点赞: 39 时间: 2024-11-21T18:18:20.478000+0000 内容: 牛逼！ 看得我泪流满脸
看得我泪流满脸
🎉🎉🎉🎉 There will be something huge happen the end of the year. Can't wait!!
Sticking out like a sore thumb LOL lol I'm screenshotting this- oh did we touched their feelings. Oh, we touched their feelings all up, no pause. That'd be SotE i can literally see them crying
lol I'm screenshotting this-
oh did we touched their feelings. Oh, we touched their feelings all up, no pause.
Oh, we touched their feelings all up, no pause.
That'd be SotE
i can literally see them crying
No surprise, for the voting contest. BTW, 恭喜
Monkey King worth it!! 'Play hard and rest well' well said. See ya at TGA then.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Chaos-Hydra 点赞: 11 时间: 2024-11-22T00:04:05.799000+0000 内容: Meanwhile in other subs..... telephone decide humorous include encouraging enter fear cake wild vegetable This post was mass deleted and anonymized with Redact
telephone decide humorous include encouraging enter fear cake wild vegetable This post was mass deleted and anonymized with Redact
Well Deserved!
We win deez
My son, who is not Chinese, loves the game!  It might be his current favorite console game - it is in regular rotation. Looks cool when I get a chance to watch 😎
Very naive of people to not get surprised, it is actually very surprising but in a good way! i was ready to lose my insanity because of how stupid every single thing is around gaming world in general and how much control is out there by gaming journalists to manipulate and change everything however they want, i'm happy that this game got what it deserved and hope even better games from china! After all, we'll only benefit if competition gets higher and higher between gaming companies Y surprise? We already know who will win since they give Wukong on the UGOTY list, and Golden Joystick is 100% player vote contest. Unless they do something dirty behind, if not the clear winner will be Wukong. i knew but yeah i was afraid of those "dirty" things like IGN using bots to glitch their own voting system or china-bad agenda somehow ruins it, but yeah at the end of the day i'm happy now
Y surprise? We already know who will win since they give Wukong on the UGOTY list, and Golden Joystick is 100% player vote contest. Unless they do something dirty behind, if not the clear winner will be Wukong. i knew but yeah i was afraid of those "dirty" things like IGN using bots to glitch their own voting system or china-bad agenda somehow ruins it, but yeah at the end of the day i'm happy now
i knew but yeah i was afraid of those "dirty" things like IGN using bots to glitch their own voting system or china-bad agenda somehow ruins it, but yeah at the end of the day i'm happy now
He said more surprise at the end of the year!? maybe a preview about dlc
maybe a preview about dlc
Congratulations!! Well deserved 👏👏
Ffffuuuckk yeahhh
Guys, get your buckets. The FF7 fanboys are crying.
Big Monke dubs, suck it haters TGA is next!
It was fun watching helldivers and final fantasy fans cryin in the chat I feel like Helldivers got a lot of love with this awards show. Console GOTY and Critic's Choice. Feels bad for FF7 fans, though they had a couple smaller wins Id want ff7 rebirth to win but minigames are kinda a turn-off. But congrats to both of em too as well as SotE for best expansion
I feel like Helldivers got a lot of love with this awards show. Console GOTY and Critic's Choice. Feels bad for FF7 fans, though they had a couple smaller wins Id want ff7 rebirth to win but minigames are kinda a turn-off. But congrats to both of em too as well as SotE for best expansion
Id want ff7 rebirth to win but minigames are kinda a turn-off. But congrats to both of em too as well as SotE for best expansion
Hater's gonna hate 😂
Congratz 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Congrats 🥂
Omg best gheim evah
Congrats
Hell fucking yeah
Awesome
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Shaun_SS 点赞: 4 时间: 2024-11-22T00:20:05.043000+0000 内容:
Said big news by the end of this year according to the Acceptance Speech? Just WOW 🤯
Niu Bi!
Brought to you by OP lmao
Am not surprised
Do they release the pencentage? I want to see how far it stretches this year?
Let's go!! 🥳🥳🥳
You're God damn right it did!
Deserved. Really great game with so much detail
awesome
wanting the kasaya just shows one's mortal obsession but goddamn is it SHINY 😭 Congratulations to most deserving game of all!!!
WOW, congratulations to Wukong. Golden Joystick rocks!
“If it’s not for the sake of winning, what’s the point of arguing?” -Yellow Brow Btw I’m yet to think of another game with so many quotable lines.
YES YES YES YES one of the greatest games ive ever played 10/10 from me on new game plus now and flying through bosses its fucking awesome must of died 300 times first time round or maybe more but that sounds about right 😃😃🔥🔥
Knew it. Only new game I played this year over 200hrs. Otherwise elden ring dlc would be my second most played. Bmw is an amazing game. Gives me god of war vibes in terms of story.
Well deserved. This was the best first effort of a studio I’ve seen since bastion
i need dlc now
Some people gonna be so mad and in denial even though it proved itself with this
Finished this game last week, great game! Love seeing it win despite controversy about nonsense
I think Wukong will also win people’s choice at TGA too, considering it’s also a fan vote. But most awards are critics voted which sucks…so I suppose Astro Bot, Metaphor or FF7 might win.
As it should
Not surprising. It’s the best game this year by far, just look at sales.
My favorite game of the year too.
Duck yeah 👍
worth it
GOTY. That is fricken awesome, super congrats to Game Science for bringing one of my favorite (BMW) characters to life.
Suck it IGN haters 👊🏻
Congratulations to Game Science, the award is well deserved.  Game Science has created a work of art
Also win the Best Visual Design！！！！！
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Important-Resident90 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-11-22T13:14:56.330000+0000 内容: I thought they'd pull some shit and not let it win. Very nice
Heeeeellll yeeeeeaah! We did it!!!
Well deserved. What a beauty of a game! 👌🏻 I also got platinum on it, only doing this for very special games 🤩
I’m currently at the final boss of chapter 3 and I agree. While I may have more emotional connection to FF7 rebirth BMW is just insane. The fact that there are 107 completely unique bosses, an overwhelming adherence to mythology and a super detailed world makes the game a masterpiece
Isn’t the announce in December ?
I saw a post saying it did not get nominated?
not a surprise
Well deserved! Hands up for the Monkey King!🙉
Black myth Elden ring dlc n Jedi survivor n remnant 2 is straight bangers top tier gaming n I been gaming since Atari
not surprise since it is fan voting, cognates to BMW!
LFG
I love democracy
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: acid1ung 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-21T22:51:19.210000+0000 内容: Sote was better in my opinion but should be in its own category
goty!well deserved
congrats and looking forward to the new content coming up!
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: imsupernotfunny 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-21T23:22:27.085000+0000 内容: Okay this is my motivation to finish it
Well deserved
Deserved
Excuse me R u new at TGA? It always be like that.
R u new at TGA? It always be like that.
Looking forward to the cry babies shouting "muh but China"
Yeessss!!
I do hope Wukong does win GotY as well.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Cskyes2 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-11-22T00:51:32.208000+0000 内容: Yessir yessir yessir
Well deserved!!
It's truly a great day today!
BMW deserved it, congrats Game Science and all people who like this monkey!
Not my favorite game of the year, but I can see why
LETS GOOO
congratulations！！
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Autism_Junkie109 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Autism_Junkie109 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Well deserved! Amazing game
+100 social credit
The CEO hinted something for next year in his speech on black myth wukong.
been fighting on other post for wukong to win
congrats. Well deserved!
BROOO!! When I tell you how many times I wanted to throw my controller at the screen!!
Wow, really? I'm happy for the devs
Is the physical copy version going to be the GOTY edition?
Absolutely well-deserved. Big round of applause and firm handshakes to Game Science and all the Destined Ones out there. We did it ladies and gentlemen 🤝
Well deserved
Splendid Monkey King!
👏 well deserved 👏
How is this different from Game of the Year ceremony where it's not nominated?
It's well deserved. Sadly "the game awards" which is the one people seem to care about more is decided by a jury of journalists so we won't see it win that one. But it doesn't need to when it wins everywhere that is voted by the fans it just shows the hypocrisy of the game awards
Not my goty, but glad it got recognized and won. It was needed. Hopefully more games to come.
well-deserved win.  The other games are great too, but Wukong was amazing/breathtaking.
I pray every single day, this game should be GOTY. What u guys say...? Hell lot of moments are cherished in this game, Rage Love, Lore ,Story, characters, everything 😭.
Now what about the Super Duper Game of the Year?
Now add difficulty levels so I can make it easier so I don’t have to rage quit because I spent 40 hours trying to level up to beat one boss
Deserved!
7 Millionen more votes on GJA as last year , says everything , this was a massive China push , anyway still congrats but on TGA Wukong has Mathematically zero chances
Finally I don’t care if golden joystick is 100% player vote or what. TGA could have their own way but the people voted for gams they really enjoy.
Ultimate Game of the year? What is that suposed to mean? There is also a category for game of the year and almost Game of the year?
BMW is not just a kickass game. There’s so much Chinese culture and folklore behind all of it. And it paves the way for Chinese gaming companies to show the world what they can achieve
First game I ever platinumed. Since then I platinumed 3 games. WELL DESEARVED. Made me buy the fucking book as well. Gg Game science. It shows you poured your heart in this game
Bet that sticks in the craw of the access media
This game is finally actually getting what it deserves after all those stupid game journalist were throwing all kinds of stupid accusations made out of fake translation quotes from china version of twitter posts.
Hell yeah
NOTE:  This is NOT the GOTY WINNER from the upcoming Geoff Keighley’s THE GAME AWARDS.  It is the winner from the Golden Joystick Awards. Black Myth also won Best Visual Design in the same Joystick awards. https://www.gamesradar.com/games/here-are-all-the-golden-joystick-awards-2024-winners/
Literally expected sold so many copies an actual new game as well
I have some gripes about the game, as I do with any other video game, but if you asked me what games I remember the most in 2024 I would say BMW and SH2 Remake. Both were amazing for different reasons but BMW was a lot more fun. I would often yell out with the Destined One when landing a fully charged staff slam. Felt so good to hit those.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Nice! Well deserved Maybe this sub can stop victimizing itself now lol Anyway, manipulated IGN’s community vote is real and the game does suffer from unfair media scores. I can definitely see why some fans feel insecure. Hopefully over self-victimization will end soon tho Cmon bro, you’re smarter than that lol. It’s a shame because I love the game, and I really liked this sub around launch, but the most vocal members of this fanbase seem to have firmly planted their victim flags. I’m hoping this’ll die down after GOTY awards season, but the most likely scenario is that if BMW doesn’t win, there will be weeks, maybe even months, of Karma farmers flooding the sub to post cope and conspiracies, and to cry about  journalists and whichever game wins. Monkey! They will keep doing that until they win the TGA GOTY, DICE GOTY and GDC GOTY.
Anyway, manipulated IGN’s community vote is real and the game does suffer from unfair media scores. I can definitely see why some fans feel insecure. Hopefully over self-victimization will end soon tho
Cmon bro, you’re smarter than that lol. It’s a shame because I love the game, and I really liked this sub around launch, but the most vocal members of this fanbase seem to have firmly planted their victim flags. I’m hoping this’ll die down after GOTY awards season, but the most likely scenario is that if BMW doesn’t win, there will be weeks, maybe even months, of Karma farmers flooding the sub to post cope and conspiracies, and to cry about  journalists and whichever game wins.
Monkey!
They will keep doing that until they win the TGA GOTY, DICE GOTY and GDC GOTY.
Has to be the lowest scored game to ever win so you know something isn't right. It's voted by gamers - you know, people who purchased and played the games - and not panels filled with "professionals" who can be bought with a hefty bank check. It was the "lowest rated" because the people who waged war against this game are the ones who gave those scores. Audience reception and vote should be way more important because those are the people the games are made for. It is a vote contest, sure the lowest score game can win if u r very popular and alot of ppl vote, Think about Fortnite 78 score won by competing God Of War And RDR2 which both 90+ score
It's voted by gamers - you know, people who purchased and played the games - and not panels filled with "professionals" who can be bought with a hefty bank check. It was the "lowest rated" because the people who waged war against this game are the ones who gave those scores. Audience reception and vote should be way more important because those are the people the games are made for.
It is a vote contest, sure the lowest score game can win if u r very popular and alot of ppl vote, Think about Fortnite 78 score won by competing God Of War And RDR2 which both 90+ score
