================================================================================  评论列表:
It doesnt look like anyone cares anymore.  All red or all gold or one blue, one gray.  No one is even asking the question anymore.  Do bu Si was impressed with his 7 rings this ep and thats it. He basically took on level 9 people by himself, became like a global hero, and he is already named the heir to shrek school but the show will still have some scene where he is shut out by those rich kids probably. Later he will take on ye xie shui and people will probably still only focus on the rich people like his spoiled dad's family. I am waiting to see when Wang Dong Er wakes up with amnesia and how that goes track me Yeah, I’m so confused because in SL1, just 100K soul ring was godlike but now Yuhao’s ring are even older and no one bat’s an eye Honestly the whole ring system just kinda stopped being relevant from episode one when he started with a 100k ring
Yeah, I’m so confused because in SL1, just 100K soul ring was godlike but now Yuhao’s ring are even older and no one bat’s an eye Honestly the whole ring system just kinda stopped being relevant from episode one when he started with a 100k ring
Honestly the whole ring system just kinda stopped being relevant from episode one when he started with a 100k ring
I'm sorry, I had to jump in. Does SL2 have any connection to SL1 at all? I mean, I don't want to watch SL1. But I have complete SL2 up to date. So can I watch it as Stand Alone without ever watching SL1? Characters from SL1 make appearances in SL2, and some character relations and struggle might be missing context if you didn't watch SL1, maybe some lore too. If you are up to date with SL2 and are not confused by anything yet, I suppose it's fine. SL1 is worth the watch though personally. If it's not much... I don't think it's matter. I mean, I have hard time remember CGI Faces if it's not the lead.... and it's not happened that they reused some models... AKA, Renegade Immortal reused so many Models! Look at Shrouding Heavens. I genuinely cannot ID who is who... His modern classmate from EP1, when they appeared later, I can't recall them all except the Demon Guy. Even if I watch SL1, I definitely won't remember if they ever appeared in SL2. SL1 is by far a better story and lots of the things happening in SL2 would make more sense. SL2 is canonically 10,000 years in the future I tried... but can't find a good batch of SL1. Most have "EFC" version and I hate it. And the one with good version, don't have subs. Some uploaders have good batch with good subs... but not all seasons are uploaded. So far... Only SL2 is of acceptable quality & Completed up to date with proper sub. EFC? I'm pretty sure anime xin has all of it but it's been a while since I watched it. Maybe I should rewatch EFC = Edited For Content. Basically a cut of Intro & Ending for each EP and they don't even do a Good Cut. No fade-in and fade-out effect even. When it started, sometime you can hear the Ending of Theme Songs, sometime there are fragment of "Previous EP Preview". And when it ended, sometime it ended eruptly... sometime it run into theme song for 2-3sec before cut off. It's like the Editor was half asleep on the job or something. But I supposed one should be thankful for uploaders who spend their times on it. But I just couldn't bring myself to watch it.... it so annoying seeing those fragments. I preferred full version and I'll skip the intro myself. 版主已移除评论 Sorry, this post has been removed. Per global reddit rules piracy links are not allowed. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Characters from SL1 make appearances in SL2, and some character relations and struggle might be missing context if you didn't watch SL1, maybe some lore too. If you are up to date with SL2 and are not confused by anything yet, I suppose it's fine. SL1 is worth the watch though personally. If it's not much... I don't think it's matter. I mean, I have hard time remember CGI Faces if it's not the lead.... and it's not happened that they reused some models... AKA, Renegade Immortal reused so many Models! Look at Shrouding Heavens. I genuinely cannot ID who is who... His modern classmate from EP1, when they appeared later, I can't recall them all except the Demon Guy. Even if I watch SL1, I definitely won't remember if they ever appeared in SL2.
If it's not much... I don't think it's matter. I mean, I have hard time remember CGI Faces if it's not the lead.... and it's not happened that they reused some models... AKA, Renegade Immortal reused so many Models! Look at Shrouding Heavens. I genuinely cannot ID who is who... His modern classmate from EP1, when they appeared later, I can't recall them all except the Demon Guy. Even if I watch SL1, I definitely won't remember if they ever appeared in SL2.
SL1 is by far a better story and lots of the things happening in SL2 would make more sense. SL2 is canonically 10,000 years in the future I tried... but can't find a good batch of SL1. Most have "EFC" version and I hate it. And the one with good version, don't have subs. Some uploaders have good batch with good subs... but not all seasons are uploaded. So far... Only SL2 is of acceptable quality & Completed up to date with proper sub. EFC? I'm pretty sure anime xin has all of it but it's been a while since I watched it. Maybe I should rewatch EFC = Edited For Content. Basically a cut of Intro & Ending for each EP and they don't even do a Good Cut. No fade-in and fade-out effect even. When it started, sometime you can hear the Ending of Theme Songs, sometime there are fragment of "Previous EP Preview". And when it ended, sometime it ended eruptly... sometime it run into theme song for 2-3sec before cut off. It's like the Editor was half asleep on the job or something. But I supposed one should be thankful for uploaders who spend their times on it. But I just couldn't bring myself to watch it.... it so annoying seeing those fragments. I preferred full version and I'll skip the intro myself. 版主已移除评论 Sorry, this post has been removed. Per global reddit rules piracy links are not allowed. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I tried... but can't find a good batch of SL1. Most have "EFC" version and I hate it. And the one with good version, don't have subs. Some uploaders have good batch with good subs... but not all seasons are uploaded. So far... Only SL2 is of acceptable quality & Completed up to date with proper sub. EFC? I'm pretty sure anime xin has all of it but it's been a while since I watched it. Maybe I should rewatch EFC = Edited For Content. Basically a cut of Intro & Ending for each EP and they don't even do a Good Cut. No fade-in and fade-out effect even. When it started, sometime you can hear the Ending of Theme Songs, sometime there are fragment of "Previous EP Preview". And when it ended, sometime it ended eruptly... sometime it run into theme song for 2-3sec before cut off. It's like the Editor was half asleep on the job or something. But I supposed one should be thankful for uploaders who spend their times on it. But I just couldn't bring myself to watch it.... it so annoying seeing those fragments. I preferred full version and I'll skip the intro myself. 版主已移除评论 Sorry, this post has been removed. Per global reddit rules piracy links are not allowed. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
EFC? I'm pretty sure anime xin has all of it but it's been a while since I watched it. Maybe I should rewatch EFC = Edited For Content. Basically a cut of Intro & Ending for each EP and they don't even do a Good Cut. No fade-in and fade-out effect even. When it started, sometime you can hear the Ending of Theme Songs, sometime there are fragment of "Previous EP Preview". And when it ended, sometime it ended eruptly... sometime it run into theme song for 2-3sec before cut off. It's like the Editor was half asleep on the job or something. But I supposed one should be thankful for uploaders who spend their times on it. But I just couldn't bring myself to watch it.... it so annoying seeing those fragments. I preferred full version and I'll skip the intro myself.
EFC = Edited For Content. Basically a cut of Intro & Ending for each EP and they don't even do a Good Cut. No fade-in and fade-out effect even. When it started, sometime you can hear the Ending of Theme Songs, sometime there are fragment of "Previous EP Preview". And when it ended, sometime it ended eruptly... sometime it run into theme song for 2-3sec before cut off. It's like the Editor was half asleep on the job or something. But I supposed one should be thankful for uploaders who spend their times on it. But I just couldn't bring myself to watch it.... it so annoying seeing those fragments. I preferred full version and I'll skip the intro myself.
版主已移除评论 Sorry, this post has been removed. Per global reddit rules piracy links are not allowed. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Sorry, this post has been removed. Per global reddit rules piracy links are not allowed. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
It doesnt look like anyone cares anymore.  All red or all gold or one blue, one gray.  No one is even asking the question anymore.  Do bu Si was impressed with his 7 rings this ep and thats it. He basically took on level 9 people by himself, became like a global hero, and he is already named the heir to shrek school but the show will still have some scene where he is shut out by those rich kids probably. Later he will take on ye xie shui and people will probably still only focus on the rich people like his spoiled dad's family. I am waiting to see when Wang Dong Er wakes up with amnesia and how that goes Yeah, I’m so confused because in SL1, just 100K soul ring was godlike but now Yuhao’s ring are even older and no one bat’s an eye
Yeah, I’m so confused because in SL1, just 100K soul ring was godlike but now Yuhao’s ring are even older and no one bat’s an eye
I'm sorry, I had to jump in. Does SL2 have any connection to SL1 at all? I mean, I don't want to watch SL1. But I have complete SL2 up to date. So can I watch it as Stand Alone without ever watching SL1? Characters from SL1 make appearances in SL2, and some character relations and struggle might be missing context if you didn't watch SL1, maybe some lore too. If you are up to date with SL2 and are not confused by anything yet, I suppose it's fine. SL1 is worth the watch though personally. SL1 is by far a better story and lots of the things happening in SL2 would make more sense. SL2 is canonically 10,000 years in the future
Characters from SL1 make appearances in SL2, and some character relations and struggle might be missing context if you didn't watch SL1, maybe some lore too. If you are up to date with SL2 and are not confused by anything yet, I suppose it's fine. SL1 is worth the watch though personally.
SL1 is by far a better story and lots of the things happening in SL2 would make more sense. SL2 is canonically 10,000 years in the future
