Enter blue bobblehead thanos - the vigor checker ================================================================================  评论列表:
this mofo took me like 1.5 hours to beat. track me Glad I’m not the only one 😭 I was streaming in discord to some friends and they were telling me to just move on but my stubborn ass kept at it till I won That is exactly what I was doing 😭 i knew full well i could gtfo and come back later but no that's not how this works. But my god did this thing give me more trouble than a lottttt of souls bosses Well big ass wolf is past him so I mean for whatever reason I found the wolf to be infinitely easier than that fucker. I got to level 15 farming the mobs in that area from respawning off my deaths to that boss lmao. Wolf only took me one try 😭 Same, beat the wolf in my second try, first try I went in without healing. This dude I worked on for about 45 minutes 45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this lol yeah I leveled I think 4 or 5 times just killing those 3 guys every time running back to the blue baby head boss My many attempts on this boss leveled me to 17 before finally killing him…🥲. The struggle is real 😂😂 lol I beat the wolf on my first try but this guy wrecked me, almost all my play time last night was trying to beat him and his damn AOE attacks It took me lvl 15 to beat this mofo lol, but then i went on spree on the dude with flames, the wolfie, and the frog, so he was hard as ffffff 版主已移除评论 You won’t! You can claim the reward at a shrine after you unlock absorbing souls. 3.5 hours for me. First soulslike though! 😭 took me almost 6 hours for the 1st 2 bosses. i confess i watched a video on how to beat him. You will slowly git monki, good luck and remember to have fun on your journey to the west
Glad I’m not the only one 😭 I was streaming in discord to some friends and they were telling me to just move on but my stubborn ass kept at it till I won That is exactly what I was doing 😭 i knew full well i could gtfo and come back later but no that's not how this works. But my god did this thing give me more trouble than a lottttt of souls bosses Well big ass wolf is past him so I mean for whatever reason I found the wolf to be infinitely easier than that fucker. I got to level 15 farming the mobs in that area from respawning off my deaths to that boss lmao. Wolf only took me one try 😭 Same, beat the wolf in my second try, first try I went in without healing. This dude I worked on for about 45 minutes 45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this lol yeah I leveled I think 4 or 5 times just killing those 3 guys every time running back to the blue baby head boss My many attempts on this boss leveled me to 17 before finally killing him…🥲. The struggle is real 😂😂 lol I beat the wolf on my first try but this guy wrecked me, almost all my play time last night was trying to beat him and his damn AOE attacks It took me lvl 15 to beat this mofo lol, but then i went on spree on the dude with flames, the wolfie, and the frog, so he was hard as ffffff 版主已移除评论 You won’t! You can claim the reward at a shrine after you unlock absorbing souls.
That is exactly what I was doing 😭 i knew full well i could gtfo and come back later but no that's not how this works. But my god did this thing give me more trouble than a lottttt of souls bosses Well big ass wolf is past him so I mean for whatever reason I found the wolf to be infinitely easier than that fucker. I got to level 15 farming the mobs in that area from respawning off my deaths to that boss lmao. Wolf only took me one try 😭 Same, beat the wolf in my second try, first try I went in without healing. This dude I worked on for about 45 minutes 45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this lol yeah I leveled I think 4 or 5 times just killing those 3 guys every time running back to the blue baby head boss My many attempts on this boss leveled me to 17 before finally killing him…🥲. The struggle is real 😂😂 lol I beat the wolf on my first try but this guy wrecked me, almost all my play time last night was trying to beat him and his damn AOE attacks It took me lvl 15 to beat this mofo lol, but then i went on spree on the dude with flames, the wolfie, and the frog, so he was hard as ffffff 版主已移除评论 You won’t! You can claim the reward at a shrine after you unlock absorbing souls.
Well big ass wolf is past him so I mean for whatever reason I found the wolf to be infinitely easier than that fucker. I got to level 15 farming the mobs in that area from respawning off my deaths to that boss lmao. Wolf only took me one try 😭 Same, beat the wolf in my second try, first try I went in without healing. This dude I worked on for about 45 minutes 45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this lol yeah I leveled I think 4 or 5 times just killing those 3 guys every time running back to the blue baby head boss My many attempts on this boss leveled me to 17 before finally killing him…🥲. The struggle is real 😂😂 lol I beat the wolf on my first try but this guy wrecked me, almost all my play time last night was trying to beat him and his damn AOE attacks It took me lvl 15 to beat this mofo lol, but then i went on spree on the dude with flames, the wolfie, and the frog, so he was hard as ffffff
for whatever reason I found the wolf to be infinitely easier than that fucker. I got to level 15 farming the mobs in that area from respawning off my deaths to that boss lmao. Wolf only took me one try 😭 Same, beat the wolf in my second try, first try I went in without healing. This dude I worked on for about 45 minutes 45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this lol yeah I leveled I think 4 or 5 times just killing those 3 guys every time running back to the blue baby head boss My many attempts on this boss leveled me to 17 before finally killing him…🥲. The struggle is real 😂😂
Same, beat the wolf in my second try, first try I went in without healing. This dude I worked on for about 45 minutes 45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this
45.. it took me about 2 hours 😭😭 Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this
Well, the only reason I did it quicker probably is because I got merc’d for awhile then realized I could sit back and dodge and just freeze it with that immobilize spell. So I kinda of just would kite it then burst damage and repeated that for awhile Tysm for this
Tysm for this
lol yeah I leveled I think 4 or 5 times just killing those 3 guys every time running back to the blue baby head boss
My many attempts on this boss leveled me to 17 before finally killing him…🥲. The struggle is real 😂😂
😂😂
lol I beat the wolf on my first try but this guy wrecked me, almost all my play time last night was trying to beat him and his damn AOE attacks
It took me lvl 15 to beat this mofo lol, but then i went on spree on the dude with flames, the wolfie, and the frog, so he was hard as ffffff
版主已移除评论 You won’t! You can claim the reward at a shrine after you unlock absorbing souls.
You won’t! You can claim the reward at a shrine after you unlock absorbing souls.
3.5 hours for me. First soulslike though! 😭 took me almost 6 hours for the 1st 2 bosses. i confess i watched a video on how to beat him. You will slowly git monki, good luck and remember to have fun on your journey to the west
took me almost 6 hours for the 1st 2 bosses. i confess i watched a video on how to beat him.
You will slowly git monki, good luck and remember to have fun on your journey to the west
That blue fucker can kiss my monkey ass Well then I guess you missed the twin but gold headed fucker… The damn bells got me haha I’m currently stuck on him now. He defeated me for 2 hours yesterday every time I get him within a few hits his fucking hulks out and kills me, too much stress lol this was suppose to be fun. I had to walk away gonna try again tonight Just run like hell when he's attacking and slap his monk bitches around for health when you're running by them. Stagger the shit out of him as much as possible I used the environment to help me, keep a tree between you and him, got him in the second try doing it
Well then I guess you missed the twin but gold headed fucker… The damn bells got me haha I’m currently stuck on him now. He defeated me for 2 hours yesterday every time I get him within a few hits his fucking hulks out and kills me, too much stress lol this was suppose to be fun. I had to walk away gonna try again tonight Just run like hell when he's attacking and slap his monk bitches around for health when you're running by them. Stagger the shit out of him as much as possible
The damn bells got me haha
I’m currently stuck on him now. He defeated me for 2 hours yesterday every time I get him within a few hits his fucking hulks out and kills me, too much stress lol this was suppose to be fun. I had to walk away gonna try again tonight Just run like hell when he's attacking and slap his monk bitches around for health when you're running by them. Stagger the shit out of him as much as possible
Just run like hell when he's attacking and slap his monk bitches around for health when you're running by them. Stagger the shit out of him as much as possible
I used the environment to help me, keep a tree between you and him, got him in the second try doing it
FUCK this guy Yeah I said I'll come back for you.. ha Nah. Not for me. Its either beat him or beat the refund time on steam. That's just sad Pretty sure they were joking. I know he's probably joking,  but there were genuinely people who were asking for Elden Ring DLC refunds because they couldn't beat an OPTIONAL Dragon boss coz it was "too hard" Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design I beat him after 8 attempts lol, damn man. Had to go beat the fire wolf fucker first to get his weapon That's what I did too. Beat him first try once I could transform. Before that I was beating my head against his foot for almost 1.5 too.
Yeah I said I'll come back for you.. ha Nah. Not for me. Its either beat him or beat the refund time on steam. That's just sad Pretty sure they were joking. I know he's probably joking,  but there were genuinely people who were asking for Elden Ring DLC refunds because they couldn't beat an OPTIONAL Dragon boss coz it was "too hard" Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design
Nah. Not for me. Its either beat him or beat the refund time on steam. That's just sad Pretty sure they were joking. I know he's probably joking,  but there were genuinely people who were asking for Elden Ring DLC refunds because they couldn't beat an OPTIONAL Dragon boss coz it was "too hard" Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design
That's just sad Pretty sure they were joking. I know he's probably joking,  but there were genuinely people who were asking for Elden Ring DLC refunds because they couldn't beat an OPTIONAL Dragon boss coz it was "too hard" Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design
Pretty sure they were joking. I know he's probably joking,  but there were genuinely people who were asking for Elden Ring DLC refunds because they couldn't beat an OPTIONAL Dragon boss coz it was "too hard" Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design
I know he's probably joking,  but there were genuinely people who were asking for Elden Ring DLC refunds because they couldn't beat an OPTIONAL Dragon boss coz it was "too hard" Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design
Haha that is hilarious.. I'd never ask for a refund because a game was too hard .. but that's just me.. I did finally beat that dumb wandering wight.. I yelled outloud .. that thing is way harder than it should be but I'm sure by design
I beat him after 8 attempts lol, damn man. Had to go beat the fire wolf fucker first to get his weapon That's what I did too. Beat him first try once I could transform. Before that I was beating my head against his foot for almost 1.5 too.
That's what I did too. Beat him first try once I could transform. Before that I was beating my head against his foot for almost 1.5 too.
lmao that guy had me stuck for like 10+ tries.  then I decide to check out the hut, get the transformation, come back and kill him w/o getting hit. the classic edit: for everyone asking about the hut, it isn't really a hut sorry. it's in the same area past some archway near the bridge with the archer. you can see a guy with some fire weapon standing there. if you kill him then you unlock a neat transformation that helps with the fight against the guy in the pic above I was too stubborn to move on.  Barely made it after a few tries.  Kind of cheesed in the end and stalled for the stun CD, lol. Same. Then i did the wolf boss before getting the fire dude transformation. Im just doing things in the least efficient way lol I just got the big chunky monk guy and snake water guy last night both beat the crap out of me for a few hours. Looked online this morning I have completely missed the fire transformation dude - let's go no efficiency crew!! Same. Its either ill beat this dude right there and then or never play this game again hahaha Just finished this guy after the 100+ time trying with like a sliver of health left. I did a champion yell and literally cried hystarical tears of joy. It feels so satisfying defeating these beasts after a struggle. Don't be alarmed when you wake up tomorrow with a full beard and chest hair so thick it puts the Amazon Forest to shame. Congrats on the win! Lol gawd I hope so! I always wanted a fu-man-chu! Thanks, friend! Good luck on your quest too! 😂 I just fought two rats and I didn’t think I’d ever get past them Uhoh, now I am worried! Still in chapter one 😆 dealing with the barrage of archers after the phase one bear dood in the temple. I can't make it past them. I tried few times…failed…went away and did other boss…came back tried him again few times…failed again…went away and did another boss….came back….and finally killed him. I don’t know how many times I tried but it was many tries I avoided the fire guy because I thought it was stronger and spent 3 hours fighting the blue guy instead Took me around 10 tries as well, but I got him without the transformation. All I did was run away and jump heavy. Same lol Where do I find the transformation 🤔
I was too stubborn to move on.  Barely made it after a few tries.  Kind of cheesed in the end and stalled for the stun CD, lol. Same. Then i did the wolf boss before getting the fire dude transformation. Im just doing things in the least efficient way lol I just got the big chunky monk guy and snake water guy last night both beat the crap out of me for a few hours. Looked online this morning I have completely missed the fire transformation dude - let's go no efficiency crew!! Same. Its either ill beat this dude right there and then or never play this game again hahaha
Same. Then i did the wolf boss before getting the fire dude transformation. Im just doing things in the least efficient way lol I just got the big chunky monk guy and snake water guy last night both beat the crap out of me for a few hours. Looked online this morning I have completely missed the fire transformation dude - let's go no efficiency crew!!
I just got the big chunky monk guy and snake water guy last night both beat the crap out of me for a few hours. Looked online this morning I have completely missed the fire transformation dude - let's go no efficiency crew!!
Same. Its either ill beat this dude right there and then or never play this game again hahaha
Just finished this guy after the 100+ time trying with like a sliver of health left. I did a champion yell and literally cried hystarical tears of joy. It feels so satisfying defeating these beasts after a struggle. Don't be alarmed when you wake up tomorrow with a full beard and chest hair so thick it puts the Amazon Forest to shame. Congrats on the win! Lol gawd I hope so! I always wanted a fu-man-chu! Thanks, friend! Good luck on your quest too! 😂 I just fought two rats and I didn’t think I’d ever get past them Uhoh, now I am worried! Still in chapter one 😆 dealing with the barrage of archers after the phase one bear dood in the temple. I can't make it past them. I tried few times…failed…went away and did other boss…came back tried him again few times…failed again…went away and did another boss….came back….and finally killed him. I don’t know how many times I tried but it was many tries
Don't be alarmed when you wake up tomorrow with a full beard and chest hair so thick it puts the Amazon Forest to shame. Congrats on the win! Lol gawd I hope so! I always wanted a fu-man-chu! Thanks, friend! Good luck on your quest too! 😂
Lol gawd I hope so! I always wanted a fu-man-chu! Thanks, friend! Good luck on your quest too!
😂
I just fought two rats and I didn’t think I’d ever get past them Uhoh, now I am worried! Still in chapter one 😆 dealing with the barrage of archers after the phase one bear dood in the temple. I can't make it past them.
Uhoh, now I am worried! Still in chapter one 😆 dealing with the barrage of archers after the phase one bear dood in the temple. I can't make it past them.
I tried few times…failed…went away and did other boss…came back tried him again few times…failed again…went away and did another boss….came back….and finally killed him. I don’t know how many times I tried but it was many tries
I avoided the fire guy because I thought it was stronger and spent 3 hours fighting the blue guy instead
Took me around 10 tries as well, but I got him without the transformation. All I did was run away and jump heavy.
Same lol
Where do I find the transformation 🤔
I am still stuck here Don’t sweat it, come back later after leveling up and upgrading weapons a bit. He’s optional, just run into the opening in the hill behind him to move on Just an FYI, this is what i read : If you do intend to come back to it , make sure to come back before you strike all three bells. Once all three bells are stuck big baby will be scared away and you can no longer defeat it does it matter though? maybe I have no interest in beating the big baby... You will gain a skill to absorb the souls of elite mooks a bit later. Defeat the big baby allows you to absorb him and he will bring you another skill and a passive defense buff. FYI you can also use it’s ability on a certain wall in a boss room in chapter 2, It cracks the wall and opens a secret room. The item from that room unlocks a secret boss in the forest. The soul skill come with it is pretty strong, huge dmg with stun, also increase your def a little Even if it takes time, I'm not gonna run from him. We are gamers, we level up, not give up 😤😤 A great opener is to do your full light attack combo twice when you first engage him. If you time it right you can get 2 full combos off everytime to start off the fight. After that back off, regain stamina and now its about dodging his attacks and wait for an opening to get another full combo off if possible. If you get to low health use your Time Freeze ability to quickly heal but then also get another full light hit combo out, possibly 2 if you break his guard. Basically bide your time, get the light hit combo off a few times and you should win, you just have to get good at dodging the aoe ground ability and his powerful projectile shot. If you start a light combo it will stun him. You shud start the combo before even going near him. Start it on the way to him.
Don’t sweat it, come back later after leveling up and upgrading weapons a bit. He’s optional, just run into the opening in the hill behind him to move on Just an FYI, this is what i read : If you do intend to come back to it , make sure to come back before you strike all three bells. Once all three bells are stuck big baby will be scared away and you can no longer defeat it does it matter though? maybe I have no interest in beating the big baby... You will gain a skill to absorb the souls of elite mooks a bit later. Defeat the big baby allows you to absorb him and he will bring you another skill and a passive defense buff. FYI you can also use it’s ability on a certain wall in a boss room in chapter 2, It cracks the wall and opens a secret room. The item from that room unlocks a secret boss in the forest. The soul skill come with it is pretty strong, huge dmg with stun, also increase your def a little Even if it takes time, I'm not gonna run from him. We are gamers, we level up, not give up 😤😤
Just an FYI, this is what i read : If you do intend to come back to it , make sure to come back before you strike all three bells. Once all three bells are stuck big baby will be scared away and you can no longer defeat it does it matter though? maybe I have no interest in beating the big baby... You will gain a skill to absorb the souls of elite mooks a bit later. Defeat the big baby allows you to absorb him and he will bring you another skill and a passive defense buff. FYI you can also use it’s ability on a certain wall in a boss room in chapter 2, It cracks the wall and opens a secret room. The item from that room unlocks a secret boss in the forest. The soul skill come with it is pretty strong, huge dmg with stun, also increase your def a little
does it matter though? maybe I have no interest in beating the big baby... You will gain a skill to absorb the souls of elite mooks a bit later. Defeat the big baby allows you to absorb him and he will bring you another skill and a passive defense buff. FYI you can also use it’s ability on a certain wall in a boss room in chapter 2, It cracks the wall and opens a secret room. The item from that room unlocks a secret boss in the forest. The soul skill come with it is pretty strong, huge dmg with stun, also increase your def a little
You will gain a skill to absorb the souls of elite mooks a bit later. Defeat the big baby allows you to absorb him and he will bring you another skill and a passive defense buff. FYI you can also use it’s ability on a certain wall in a boss room in chapter 2, It cracks the wall and opens a secret room. The item from that room unlocks a secret boss in the forest. The soul skill come with it is pretty strong, huge dmg with stun, also increase your def a little
FYI you can also use it’s ability on a certain wall in a boss room in chapter 2, It cracks the wall and opens a secret room. The item from that room unlocks a secret boss in the forest.
The soul skill come with it is pretty strong, huge dmg with stun, also increase your def a little
Even if it takes time, I'm not gonna run from him. We are gamers, we level up, not give up 😤😤
A great opener is to do your full light attack combo twice when you first engage him. If you time it right you can get 2 full combos off everytime to start off the fight. After that back off, regain stamina and now its about dodging his attacks and wait for an opening to get another full combo off if possible. If you get to low health use your Time Freeze ability to quickly heal but then also get another full light hit combo out, possibly 2 if you break his guard. Basically bide your time, get the light hit combo off a few times and you should win, you just have to get good at dodging the aoe ground ability and his powerful projectile shot.
If you start a light combo it will stun him. You shud start the combo before even going near him. Start it on the way to him.
This mfers Biden Blast has caught me off guard countless times Biden Blast lol
Biden Blast lol
Bruh, it took me 23 tries. Fucking crazy. I get to the Wolf Boss at the temple, do it in two. How the fuck is this massive baby SO HARD?? Lingxuzi's was less aggressive with it's moveset imo, and generally bigger bosses like that are easier since there is also a higher chance of dodging some of its attacks by simply sticking close to it I didnt even realize you could fight him. I just flew past him as the cicada like what was shown in the trailers. I found out later when he jumped me while i was backtracking lol Stun him as much as possible. Finish light combo. Then charge hit. He's not bad in that way as long as you can keep dodging the little blasts he does
Lingxuzi's was less aggressive with it's moveset imo, and generally bigger bosses like that are easier since there is also a higher chance of dodging some of its attacks by simply sticking close to it
I didnt even realize you could fight him. I just flew past him as the cicada like what was shown in the trailers. I found out later when he jumped me while i was backtracking lol
Stun him as much as possible. Finish light combo. Then charge hit. He's not bad in that way as long as you can keep dodging the little blasts he does
I thought this was bad until I got to tiger vanguard. I thought tiger vanguard was bad until I got to the rat. Even with the item he was a monster You thought Tiger Vanguard was bad? Wait until you get to Yellow Wind Sage, you’re in for one hell of a ride This is a dark souls quality boss. Amazing fight took me a good few tries but was rewarding to learn and fight. Tiger vanguard I beat in 3 tries. Rat 1st try for both fights. Yellow wind sage probably took me 15 tries. This is the rat I refer to. His fight is so badass
You thought Tiger Vanguard was bad? Wait until you get to Yellow Wind Sage, you’re in for one hell of a ride This is a dark souls quality boss. Amazing fight took me a good few tries but was rewarding to learn and fight.
This is a dark souls quality boss. Amazing fight took me a good few tries but was rewarding to learn and fight.
Tiger vanguard I beat in 3 tries. Rat 1st try for both fights. Yellow wind sage probably took me 15 tries. This is the rat I refer to. His fight is so badass
This is the rat I refer to. His fight is so badass
I heated him by stunlocking and repeating the light combo over and over, that got him to half health, after that, burn him with the transformation, keep medium distance until he ends his attack pattern, if you don’t have much heath, try to wait, paralyze him and hit him with the heavy attack, also there is a Column that if he crashes into will stun him. Hope this helps. that's right....those guys (the 1st blue one and 2nd golden one) can be stun lock buy light attack combo repeatly. when they break the stunlock combo loop, freeze spell on them and repeat.
that's right....those guys (the 1st blue one and 2nd golden one) can be stun lock buy light attack combo repeatly. when they break the stunlock combo loop, freeze spell on them and repeat.
Tree sentinel
I REFUSED to skip him! I died well over 20 times I feel. I was level 14 by the time I finally beat him! 😂
BMW chained ogre Ah, Fellow Sekiro​ ​fan. I remember watching some YouTuber roaring in pure anger after he get his ass handed by Chained Ogre 16 times in a row and say something like "this must be hardest mini boss in history of gaming" Until he meet that sword master monkey and purple ninja.
Ah, Fellow Sekiro​ ​fan. I remember watching some YouTuber roaring in pure anger after he get his ass handed by Chained Ogre 16 times in a row and say something like "this must be hardest mini boss in history of gaming" Until he meet that sword master monkey and purple ninja.
The easiest way to beat him is using the pillars in the arena... just stand behind them, he will charge and knock himself out on the pillar and you can punish And charged hits to his head do the same trick. Charge up while walking in and stand behind him till he derps and turns to face you,  then let him have it.
And charged hits to his head do the same trick. Charge up while walking in and stand behind him till he derps and turns to face you,  then let him have it.
Nah come on lol this dude is easy to memorize, but what's funny is that he's harder than the boss next to him that gives you your first transformation, kill the other boss first and get the transformation, then this guy becomes so much easier Exactly ... did this ... Died atleast 10 times before that .. lol
Exactly ... did this ... Died atleast 10 times before that .. lol
Just wait until this son of a fuck…
I have a very bad news for you about the "secret" boss in this area....
I lost twice. Once I got Pillar Stance,  he became so much easier for me. It seemed like standing on the tip of the staff might be good for avoiding some AoE slams, but it turns out getting on top of the staff and smashing his skull staggered the hell out of him. It felt very counterintuitive since it looked like it had a stone head, but it worked very well for me. I hope this helps somebody!
Beat the fella yesterday. Here;s the footage I recorded: https://youtu.be/WG6S8bV8GG8
Lmao, if yall thought he was bad. Good luck on the final boss for chapter 2. I won't spoil it, but holy hell did that take forever. that bitch took me 2 hours… I was really about to throw the damn controller out the window 🫠
that bitch took me 2 hours… I was really about to throw the damn controller out the window 🫠
You mean Thanos?! Am still trying to beat his ass
Man this blue baby is why I’m so bloody tired today. He took me so long to kill but I just couldn’t move on until I had done so.
bosses from  chapter 2 onward are much more harder. this game absolutely much harder than some  souls like game
I beat it in 5th or 6th try. I have the transformation but didn't use it, don't know why, just doesn't think it fears fire..... I mean even if it doesn't fear fire, letting the transformation hit a couple of times and reduce its health a bit does help You also have an additional health bar
I mean even if it doesn't fear fire, letting the transformation hit a couple of times and reduce its health a bit does help You also have an additional health bar
You also have an additional health bar
I walked right past him....
what is a tree sentinel doing here?
This man fuckin cheats every time I find a rhythm and really start beating him he pulls something i haven’t seen every other time I fought him 😭
Wait till y’all get to Tiger Vanguard. You haven’t seen difficult yet in this game.
Finally beat his ass 3 hours later and at level 15. I’m stubborn, but that’s why I love Fromsoft and now Game Science. Probably would have been easier had I beat the fire wolf first. I’m about a 1/3 through and wondering if it gets harder. Seems like it’s gotten easier after learning how to defeat that fucker.
He was the toughest up to that point. It took me like maybe 5-8 tries.
Made it through almost the entire fight first try without getting hit, then backed into a corner, died and proceeded to get demolished the next 8 tries in a row
ya chapter two s w8ing for u nigga
I made the mistake of defeating him and now i can't consume his transformation You’re fine. Claim it at the shrine. I did the same but you get it in your inventory or something not too long after. It’s ok, you can find his soul in a lost-and-found section in the settings You can pick up souls you left at the shrine once you unlock the related ability
You’re fine. Claim it at the shrine.
I did the same but you get it in your inventory or something not too long after.
It’s ok, you can find his soul in a lost-and-found section in the settings
You can pick up souls you left at the shrine once you unlock the related ability
It took me a lot of tries to beat him. The mobs in front were so easy that I thought this was an easy game 😂
This was my first... Hurdle. Whiteclad noble is the wall 😭
Man this guy took me a good 6-7 tries to beat. So far he has been the hardest boss and I've made it past the first second phase boss (don't want to say much to avoid spoilers). Overall this game has been so fucking fun tho and I am having a blast!
I forgot to go back before getting the three bells and now he’s gone 😭 I wanted his transformation 😭 ffs
He had a lot of people stuck including me😂.
i whooped his ass
Im pissed we didn't get his insane light(?)based attacks w/his transformation.  He was a pain! Now im stuck on water serpent guy🤬
He is a good boss
I guess this is like a souls game for me, I'm no good anymore 😝 I thought I was not supposed to beat him and ran away only to die later to the wolf boss 😁
I skipped him for now
AKA my first death(s)
Whiteclad noble was way harder imo, i didnt have the transformation aswell
Like many of you, I was too stubborn to move on and grinded him before fighting the other boss in the area. Imagine my annoyance when I couldn't pick up the damn reward after killing him lol Me too. Luckily it's not lost.
Me too. Luckily it's not lost.
I think this was a great early game moment to have you really figure out how the game plays. I’m a souls vet & I just kept getting yoinked by the attacks, started to be real patient like when I first picked up souls games & then I blasted through to chapter2 without dying. Can’t wait for more today
Sand rat is the worst even with the gear 😭
This guy gave me fits, but it's a tough but fair skill check
Up until I got to him I was like “oh this game is easy I got this.” Immediately humbled. I loved fighting this guy. Learning his moves and dodging at the right times was satisfying.
took me 2 hours and 3 liters of sweat to beat this baby..
Yep reminds me of Gyuki in nioh 2
The Wind Sage is worse imo
That thing took me 3 hours of grinding to be able to beat it I had to unlock a lot of skills
Everyone in Chapter 1 was easy but this blue bitch kill me so many times it not funny
I was going to skip but I ran down the rickety bridge and got to the gate and heard a voice saying something like "once you go past the gate, there is no turning back." So I thought I better just turn back and keep at it. Eventually got him!
Ahhh you encountered him as well. Its easy once you get Guanxhi or the fire glaive
He is easy now stone vanguard where I'm stuck at you can summon another stone boss to fight him.
you can summon another stone boss to fight him.
Big blue baby
Someone found a way to cheese him, light combo finishers put him in an infinite stun loop I don't think so. It only works for 2 cycles and by the 3rd cycle he attacks.
I don't think so. It only works for 2 cycles and by the 3rd cycle he attacks.
I just got done beating him maybe 10 minutes ago after like 15 tries 😂 I had to advance the story just a couple of paths ahead but came back after going out for a while today and finally beat him.
He dropped something but I could not use it without guidance and now it's gone. can't find it in my inventory either. What happened? You will get an item a lil bit further to absorb absorb spirits. You'll be able to get his drop from shrine. You'll know when
You will get an item a lil bit further to absorb absorb spirits. You'll be able to get his drop from shrine. You'll know when
Fuck this.kill me too many
Most tries (10+) i have had so far is tiger vanguard, may be i am a bit under leveled for him as i didn't fully explore chapter 2 yet. Rest i got in 1 - 2 tries max including this guy.
He was my warm up van into these games. I just killed the 4 wolves on the way to him, fought him, died, and would level up. I tunneled so hard that after I beat him, I forgot to check the other path, and came back one I got chapter 2.
I felt so bad. I killed him on my 4th or 5th try but post killing got a message like You can't get the souls. 😪 You can claim his soul later, dont worry
You can claim his soul later, dont worry
It took me solid 20+ tries to kill him, and when I did, we killed each other. Truly, the most cinematic game I've played in a while.
I struggled with this guy so much that I just ran past him
While struggling with him at try 7 or some i went to the cave where you progress to heal. Had him down to one third. First heal. He got reset when i entered the tunnel.
Wait until you fight the secret boss in chapter one. To get access you have to ring the three bells you come across
I just spinwheeled my way through his life sources and killed him slowly.
I was level 11 by the time I finally beat the guy haha
He got me like 3 or 4 times, that palm blast caught me off guard.
He's always drunk in front of the 7/11 starting fights.
I wonder if you beat the gold one that you can beat the blue one. Also what are these big baby men? Read the journal entries--especially the one for Black Wind. It's the head monk that tried to steal Tripitaka's robes in Journey to the West
Read the journal entries--especially the one for Black Wind. It's the head monk that tried to steal Tripitaka's robes in Journey to the West
Lmao this big head mf the hardest boss yet imo I didn't finish capter one yet
Dude, this game is so difficult 😂
Yeah died like crazy and so happy I finally got him. Refuse to fight Guangzhi first.
Got him on my 3rd try
Didn't get to touch the game today GLAD to hear positive complaints about getting fucked because of the difficulty. Sounds like it's worth the wait. Gotta lay down for work though
the kamehamehaa though man
Just wait until the end boss of Chapter 2 😭😭
Took me 7 or 8 tries, after some upgrades from grinding. Nice challenge. I have the idea that the game will be more and more challenging with progressing. 💪😎
Is the game „too easy“? I have been trying to get an idea of the difficulty level for this game, but it’s hard to get feedback on this. I read it was more like the latest Jedi games or god of war, which sounds good for me. I am more worried about it being too hard, to be honest (more like sekiro or bloodborne). being a dad, I just don’t have the time and energy anymore to spend hours on a single boss - I beaten and enjoyed every fromsoft game except sekiro, but I want a more casual experience now.
Can anyone gift me wukong please want to play this game but don't have the money for it please 😭
Yep that one is a cock. Get the transformation from Guangzhi (you need to ring the bell) then finish him easy. (btw he is on your way to progress the story, so he is a must)
LMFAO. I died about 10 time to this 😤😤😤
Have beaten this guy and the next few bosses after, but damnnn, he was easily the biggest challenge for me, so far.
Skipped him fuck this megamind
He really was everyone's first death
Blue Hulk SMASH!!!
A piece of advice: Happy thoughts, happy thoughts, happy thoughts.....
Just remembered i flew by the whole area as a beetle, need to go back and check it out.
I killed him first try cause I found him after beating the Black Loong and Red Loong Also the game is deceptively hard (I’ve gotten all bosses on all 3 souls titles, and 100%’d ds2)
Margit!!! I didn’t know you were in this game. Was legit my reaction after dying to this thing 7 times before killing it
ngl he was pretty easy
Yeah, it was hard for me too. But you can come back later after progressing a little (but before finishing the boss that looks like this blue baby dude later on, otherwise he'll disappear and you won't be able to get his spirit) and upgrading your things. Then it'll be very easy. Try doing some light attack combos on him. If you successfully hit a full combo, there is a chance he'll fall down so that you can perform some more attacks. Also, his heaviest attack is that ground-shaking one. If you see he is starting to do the attack, immobilize him and try to do a light attack combo on him. If we are able to get the full combo in, there is a chance it staggers him and he doesn't perform the attack. If you beat the fire staff dude on the other end of the area, you can also use his transformation which makes it easier.
Souls veteran / onebro here and I had serious problems with Guangzhi itself - beat him after maybe 15 tries. That blue guy terrifies me, though.  And I love it.
Genuinely not even bragging but I had a harder time with black wind king and that fucking vanguard. Beat him on 2nd try but Died like 10 times to wind king and Tony the tiger passed me off so badly I don't even wanna use his skill lmao.
Fucker killed me 5 times. Finally beat his ass, and then I couldn't even pick up the item lmao
Maybe 20+ tries for me, if I didn't dodge, I get two shot and gg
have fun with the tiger 😂
Once you beat him early, you will probably kill the next big baby first try
I was so confused why the wolf boss was so easy in comparison to Wandering Wight. i dont even remember the wolf boss’ name anymore. This was like the only boss ive come across so far (im only in chapter 2) that doesnt seem to have a specific combo and kept changing up when it’d do its huge qi attack or the fisting the ground move. Kept running out of stamina from dodging so i have most of my sparks in dodge and stamina related stuff now thxs to this guy
He beat my ass like 5 times before I beat him and I wish I fought the wolf guy first since the transformation would've made it a lot easier
I skipped him then went back to him when I was about to fight the white clad noble guy and it was pretty easy lol white clad on the other hand gave me trouble
Took me an hour to beat this guy but it was so satisfying.. Haven't felt like this since Tree Sentinel. What a game.
Same lmao
Died a few times to this guy i was testing the heavy attack counter/dodge if you do it inside a light combo. The timeing on these is very weird or tied to finishing the animation of the prior attack first which is very inconsistent with some of them haveing longer animations.
I skipped him and went back and fought him, defeated him in first try but that frog guy jump scared the crap out of me.
Wait until you find The secret beefed up version of this guy who heals himself and sends dudes running up to you that explode
Took me 30 mins, charged heavy does pretty good damage
Reminds me of Tree Sentinel meme: "Hey Tree Sentinel I didn't hear no bell"
I hide behind the rock and this big guy did hadoken .. and it hit me lol ....
Hes actually permanently missable if you skip him and progress too far into act 1.
I struggled at this boss… 😅
hhh,are u sure???
