The few furry wolves here: No...no no, not the monkey again 😭. ================================================================================  评论列表:
Haha, I died so many times attempting the Wandering Wight that I hit Lvl 19. Finally decided to take out Guangzhi first instead. Returned afterwards to finally beat the Wandering Wight at Lvl 21. track me At least you were able to return to him. Many players found the hard way that he disappears if you ring all 3 bells. One thing the Scorpionlord has taught me: never leave a discovered boss alone as you might lose the chance to fight him again. At least I got an extra cutscene and story knowledge. He was such a bitch and I was fighting him for hours. I felt like I was in a flow state with dodges and that I was really getting somewhere and then he didn't spawn the next time I walked up. So I went off to do some other stuff only for him to appear against driftveil or whatever it's called. The fact that he dies to that push over and never shows up again had me so mad. I had spent all that time for nothing. Oh well, I'll see him in ng+. Wow, I spent 2 hours last night trying to beat that bastard and almost gave up a couple of times thinking I could come back but never did, happy to know I made the right choice. I got locked out too, seems like his drop is for a weapon you can’t use till NG+ anyways Yea, I inadvertently read that tidbit while browsing the posts here. That's why I decided to give WW another attempt before going further. I had no idea it was supposed to be the same character somehow, especially since you get him as a transformation. I'm so used to games recycling enemies, including bosses nowadays to have slightly different variations of them. I'm not sure how people had trouble with him. Beat him at level 14. Now I'm stuck at the golden version of him. 20 tries down lol You get healed by his buddies if you hit them it’s really handy when you get low You are talking about the """secret""" boss. Like I’m not ringing bells. I’m following in the footsteps of a legendary prankster. He’d ring those bells. Yesssuh he would, bad vibes be damned I was the opposite, killed blue baby after probably like 10 tries, killed golden baby on my second try. You can hit all his little creepy zombies and they give you health I actually think the Golden Baby is easier than Blue Baby, because of the heals, and I think he has a simpler moveset. Wayyyy way easier, much less aggressive Completly agree. I think they make the bonus bosses easier as the "challenge" is more focused on the quest than the boss encounter. Chapter 2 secret boss also felt the same but the quest to get there felt very way harder haha. The only challenge in chapter 2's secret boss was its collision box is bigger than its actual size so a lot of your attacks can't actually reach its hit boxes. We're both talking about the big beetle, right? Btw, chapter 4's secret boss is actually quite a challenge on its 2nd phase. I beat it first try but it took some effort unlike golden boy and big beetle. Fun part the golden version is way easier than the wandering wight for me lol. Golden boi was a breeze compared to blue boi. It might have been because I was starting to get comfortable with the controls. Yeah same. I just didn’t fully grasp the combat when I was facing the first Wondering White. Tbh I think that’s what he’s there for. He’s not actually difficult at all once you understand Game Science’s brand of combat. Beat the second Wondering White first try. Seriously 🫠🫠use more 定身術 (Stopping spell) and your aim is to get your charges and rely on your heavy swing the major damage dealer all the time in this game To be honest Im in Chapter 3 and never use other bonk style, my aim is to focus my points on hp, atk and def allocation and it’s worth it I think Invest in the other bonks. That’s all it is , the bonk. The 2 other bonks work great for covering distance. There are agile bosses that you wont bonk without them. Definitely would do that.  Is the poke style better than the standing style? How’s your experience from trying them out so far, comparing the two I went predominantly smash and stab. The pillar style I didn’t find interesting until later. What I liked about the stab heavy is its reach and the follow up that closes the gap, if it connects. Its varied combo initiates with a jump back dodge animation and into an “iframe’d heavy”. But you can cancel and keep your charge. It goes through solid physical objects so you exploit walls etc. Pillar stance is kind of “broken” in some regards. The heavy functions as a perch, you can even heal on it with a talent. When you use it, it covers the distance of its length. Its varied combo’s primary use is fodder crowd control. Smash is equally good. Its varied charge is a blink/parry through the enemy attack with a heavy. Further down its tree is a talent that lets you retain manual focus charges with perfect dodge, along with being able to charge focus while moving. Which comes in handy in boss fights. The only issue with Smash’s heavy is its range later on with bosses who start stepping out of range in response…but this becomes a non issue when it’s a 4 orb charge. I use pillar 90% of the time. Thrust maybe 9% of the time and smash almost never. I firmly believe pillar is the superior style and is perfect for almost every situation. Yeah I realized this super fast playing. The main combat mechanic is charging heavy hits and staggering. Perfect dodge and use the Spinning Staff attack to build focus, stagger then stun lock and just ambush them. They emphasized Wukong being a trickster and if we as the player cater to that the combat can be so smooth I just beat chapter 3 and I've only used the standard bonking tree. Did like you and maxed out defense through Xu Dog and beat Yellow Brow in probably 5 attempts. I mean that how it goes.. some people struggle..others dont ..fast forward to another boss and easy for people who struggled on the wight and vice versa This was the opposite for me. Cut my initial playthrough short because I got immediately hardstuck on wandering wight. But once I progressed to the gold version of him it took less than 2-3 tries. Damn lmao I found the good version much easier than baby thanos The golden one is a joke compared to the first one He's trouble when you begin the game and you are still getting the hang of things. He's there to, basically teach you to use your entire arsenal, and to not mash the attack buttons when it's the boss's turn. I can’t quite figure out what to do with the wave after wave of unavoidable AoE when you first engage. I tend to play it defensive at first to figure out a boss but it isn’t clear what to do here. Even if you avoid the first wave, the second wave is so large you basically can’t be anywhere within the wandering wights “arena” That is wild. I hit 21 when I beat Guai Same, except it was level 15 or 16. But it wasn't the levels that helped. That boss taught me how to play the game, to the point that everything else in chapter 1 & partially into 2 (I'm at Crouching Tiger) has been fun and mostly manageable in 1-3 tries. The amount of damage Wight does, the methodical moveset allowing you to attack between moves, the environment teaching you to be careful where you are at, the specific AOE -- I hated that boss initially but now I think it's really well done.
At least you were able to return to him. Many players found the hard way that he disappears if you ring all 3 bells. One thing the Scorpionlord has taught me: never leave a discovered boss alone as you might lose the chance to fight him again. At least I got an extra cutscene and story knowledge. He was such a bitch and I was fighting him for hours. I felt like I was in a flow state with dodges and that I was really getting somewhere and then he didn't spawn the next time I walked up. So I went off to do some other stuff only for him to appear against driftveil or whatever it's called. The fact that he dies to that push over and never shows up again had me so mad. I had spent all that time for nothing. Oh well, I'll see him in ng+. Wow, I spent 2 hours last night trying to beat that bastard and almost gave up a couple of times thinking I could come back but never did, happy to know I made the right choice. I got locked out too, seems like his drop is for a weapon you can’t use till NG+ anyways Yea, I inadvertently read that tidbit while browsing the posts here. That's why I decided to give WW another attempt before going further. I had no idea it was supposed to be the same character somehow, especially since you get him as a transformation. I'm so used to games recycling enemies, including bosses nowadays to have slightly different variations of them.
One thing the Scorpionlord has taught me: never leave a discovered boss alone as you might lose the chance to fight him again. At least I got an extra cutscene and story knowledge. He was such a bitch and I was fighting him for hours. I felt like I was in a flow state with dodges and that I was really getting somewhere and then he didn't spawn the next time I walked up. So I went off to do some other stuff only for him to appear against driftveil or whatever it's called. The fact that he dies to that push over and never shows up again had me so mad. I had spent all that time for nothing. Oh well, I'll see him in ng+. Wow, I spent 2 hours last night trying to beat that bastard and almost gave up a couple of times thinking I could come back but never did, happy to know I made the right choice. I got locked out too, seems like his drop is for a weapon you can’t use till NG+ anyways
He was such a bitch and I was fighting him for hours. I felt like I was in a flow state with dodges and that I was really getting somewhere and then he didn't spawn the next time I walked up. So I went off to do some other stuff only for him to appear against driftveil or whatever it's called. The fact that he dies to that push over and never shows up again had me so mad. I had spent all that time for nothing. Oh well, I'll see him in ng+.
Wow, I spent 2 hours last night trying to beat that bastard and almost gave up a couple of times thinking I could come back but never did, happy to know I made the right choice.
I got locked out too, seems like his drop is for a weapon you can’t use till NG+ anyways
Yea, I inadvertently read that tidbit while browsing the posts here. That's why I decided to give WW another attempt before going further.
I had no idea it was supposed to be the same character somehow, especially since you get him as a transformation. I'm so used to games recycling enemies, including bosses nowadays to have slightly different variations of them.
I'm not sure how people had trouble with him. Beat him at level 14. Now I'm stuck at the golden version of him. 20 tries down lol You get healed by his buddies if you hit them it’s really handy when you get low You are talking about the """secret""" boss. Like I’m not ringing bells. I’m following in the footsteps of a legendary prankster. He’d ring those bells. Yesssuh he would, bad vibes be damned I was the opposite, killed blue baby after probably like 10 tries, killed golden baby on my second try. You can hit all his little creepy zombies and they give you health I actually think the Golden Baby is easier than Blue Baby, because of the heals, and I think he has a simpler moveset. Wayyyy way easier, much less aggressive Completly agree. I think they make the bonus bosses easier as the "challenge" is more focused on the quest than the boss encounter. Chapter 2 secret boss also felt the same but the quest to get there felt very way harder haha. The only challenge in chapter 2's secret boss was its collision box is bigger than its actual size so a lot of your attacks can't actually reach its hit boxes. We're both talking about the big beetle, right? Btw, chapter 4's secret boss is actually quite a challenge on its 2nd phase. I beat it first try but it took some effort unlike golden boy and big beetle. Fun part the golden version is way easier than the wandering wight for me lol. Golden boi was a breeze compared to blue boi. It might have been because I was starting to get comfortable with the controls. Yeah same. I just didn’t fully grasp the combat when I was facing the first Wondering White. Tbh I think that’s what he’s there for. He’s not actually difficult at all once you understand Game Science’s brand of combat. Beat the second Wondering White first try. Seriously 🫠🫠use more 定身術 (Stopping spell) and your aim is to get your charges and rely on your heavy swing the major damage dealer all the time in this game To be honest Im in Chapter 3 and never use other bonk style, my aim is to focus my points on hp, atk and def allocation and it’s worth it I think Invest in the other bonks. That’s all it is , the bonk. The 2 other bonks work great for covering distance. There are agile bosses that you wont bonk without them. Definitely would do that.  Is the poke style better than the standing style? How’s your experience from trying them out so far, comparing the two I went predominantly smash and stab. The pillar style I didn’t find interesting until later. What I liked about the stab heavy is its reach and the follow up that closes the gap, if it connects. Its varied combo initiates with a jump back dodge animation and into an “iframe’d heavy”. But you can cancel and keep your charge. It goes through solid physical objects so you exploit walls etc. Pillar stance is kind of “broken” in some regards. The heavy functions as a perch, you can even heal on it with a talent. When you use it, it covers the distance of its length. Its varied combo’s primary use is fodder crowd control. Smash is equally good. Its varied charge is a blink/parry through the enemy attack with a heavy. Further down its tree is a talent that lets you retain manual focus charges with perfect dodge, along with being able to charge focus while moving. Which comes in handy in boss fights. The only issue with Smash’s heavy is its range later on with bosses who start stepping out of range in response…but this becomes a non issue when it’s a 4 orb charge. I use pillar 90% of the time. Thrust maybe 9% of the time and smash almost never. I firmly believe pillar is the superior style and is perfect for almost every situation. Yeah I realized this super fast playing. The main combat mechanic is charging heavy hits and staggering. Perfect dodge and use the Spinning Staff attack to build focus, stagger then stun lock and just ambush them. They emphasized Wukong being a trickster and if we as the player cater to that the combat can be so smooth I just beat chapter 3 and I've only used the standard bonking tree. Did like you and maxed out defense through Xu Dog and beat Yellow Brow in probably 5 attempts. I mean that how it goes.. some people struggle..others dont ..fast forward to another boss and easy for people who struggled on the wight and vice versa This was the opposite for me. Cut my initial playthrough short because I got immediately hardstuck on wandering wight. But once I progressed to the gold version of him it took less than 2-3 tries. Damn lmao I found the good version much easier than baby thanos The golden one is a joke compared to the first one He's trouble when you begin the game and you are still getting the hang of things. He's there to, basically teach you to use your entire arsenal, and to not mash the attack buttons when it's the boss's turn. I can’t quite figure out what to do with the wave after wave of unavoidable AoE when you first engage. I tend to play it defensive at first to figure out a boss but it isn’t clear what to do here. Even if you avoid the first wave, the second wave is so large you basically can’t be anywhere within the wandering wights “arena”
You get healed by his buddies if you hit them it’s really handy when you get low You are talking about the """secret""" boss. Like I’m not ringing bells. I’m following in the footsteps of a legendary prankster. He’d ring those bells. Yesssuh he would, bad vibes be damned
You are talking about the """secret""" boss. Like I’m not ringing bells. I’m following in the footsteps of a legendary prankster. He’d ring those bells. Yesssuh he would, bad vibes be damned
Like I’m not ringing bells. I’m following in the footsteps of a legendary prankster. He’d ring those bells. Yesssuh he would, bad vibes be damned
Yesssuh he would, bad vibes be damned
I was the opposite, killed blue baby after probably like 10 tries, killed golden baby on my second try. You can hit all his little creepy zombies and they give you health I actually think the Golden Baby is easier than Blue Baby, because of the heals, and I think he has a simpler moveset. Wayyyy way easier, much less aggressive Completly agree. I think they make the bonus bosses easier as the "challenge" is more focused on the quest than the boss encounter. Chapter 2 secret boss also felt the same but the quest to get there felt very way harder haha. The only challenge in chapter 2's secret boss was its collision box is bigger than its actual size so a lot of your attacks can't actually reach its hit boxes. We're both talking about the big beetle, right? Btw, chapter 4's secret boss is actually quite a challenge on its 2nd phase. I beat it first try but it took some effort unlike golden boy and big beetle.
I actually think the Golden Baby is easier than Blue Baby, because of the heals, and I think he has a simpler moveset. Wayyyy way easier, much less aggressive Completly agree. I think they make the bonus bosses easier as the "challenge" is more focused on the quest than the boss encounter. Chapter 2 secret boss also felt the same but the quest to get there felt very way harder haha. The only challenge in chapter 2's secret boss was its collision box is bigger than its actual size so a lot of your attacks can't actually reach its hit boxes. We're both talking about the big beetle, right? Btw, chapter 4's secret boss is actually quite a challenge on its 2nd phase. I beat it first try but it took some effort unlike golden boy and big beetle.
Wayyyy way easier, much less aggressive
Completly agree. I think they make the bonus bosses easier as the "challenge" is more focused on the quest than the boss encounter. Chapter 2 secret boss also felt the same but the quest to get there felt very way harder haha. The only challenge in chapter 2's secret boss was its collision box is bigger than its actual size so a lot of your attacks can't actually reach its hit boxes. We're both talking about the big beetle, right? Btw, chapter 4's secret boss is actually quite a challenge on its 2nd phase. I beat it first try but it took some effort unlike golden boy and big beetle.
The only challenge in chapter 2's secret boss was its collision box is bigger than its actual size so a lot of your attacks can't actually reach its hit boxes. We're both talking about the big beetle, right? Btw, chapter 4's secret boss is actually quite a challenge on its 2nd phase. I beat it first try but it took some effort unlike golden boy and big beetle.
Fun part the golden version is way easier than the wandering wight for me lol.
Golden boi was a breeze compared to blue boi. It might have been because I was starting to get comfortable with the controls. Yeah same. I just didn’t fully grasp the combat when I was facing the first Wondering White. Tbh I think that’s what he’s there for. He’s not actually difficult at all once you understand Game Science’s brand of combat. Beat the second Wondering White first try.
Yeah same. I just didn’t fully grasp the combat when I was facing the first Wondering White. Tbh I think that’s what he’s there for. He’s not actually difficult at all once you understand Game Science’s brand of combat. Beat the second Wondering White first try.
Seriously 🫠🫠use more 定身術 (Stopping spell) and your aim is to get your charges and rely on your heavy swing the major damage dealer all the time in this game To be honest Im in Chapter 3 and never use other bonk style, my aim is to focus my points on hp, atk and def allocation and it’s worth it I think Invest in the other bonks. That’s all it is , the bonk. The 2 other bonks work great for covering distance. There are agile bosses that you wont bonk without them. Definitely would do that.  Is the poke style better than the standing style? How’s your experience from trying them out so far, comparing the two I went predominantly smash and stab. The pillar style I didn’t find interesting until later. What I liked about the stab heavy is its reach and the follow up that closes the gap, if it connects. Its varied combo initiates with a jump back dodge animation and into an “iframe’d heavy”. But you can cancel and keep your charge. It goes through solid physical objects so you exploit walls etc. Pillar stance is kind of “broken” in some regards. The heavy functions as a perch, you can even heal on it with a talent. When you use it, it covers the distance of its length. Its varied combo’s primary use is fodder crowd control. Smash is equally good. Its varied charge is a blink/parry through the enemy attack with a heavy. Further down its tree is a talent that lets you retain manual focus charges with perfect dodge, along with being able to charge focus while moving. Which comes in handy in boss fights. The only issue with Smash’s heavy is its range later on with bosses who start stepping out of range in response…but this becomes a non issue when it’s a 4 orb charge. I use pillar 90% of the time. Thrust maybe 9% of the time and smash almost never. I firmly believe pillar is the superior style and is perfect for almost every situation. Yeah I realized this super fast playing. The main combat mechanic is charging heavy hits and staggering. Perfect dodge and use the Spinning Staff attack to build focus, stagger then stun lock and just ambush them. They emphasized Wukong being a trickster and if we as the player cater to that the combat can be so smooth I just beat chapter 3 and I've only used the standard bonking tree. Did like you and maxed out defense through Xu Dog and beat Yellow Brow in probably 5 attempts.
Invest in the other bonks. That’s all it is , the bonk. The 2 other bonks work great for covering distance. There are agile bosses that you wont bonk without them. Definitely would do that.  Is the poke style better than the standing style? How’s your experience from trying them out so far, comparing the two I went predominantly smash and stab. The pillar style I didn’t find interesting until later. What I liked about the stab heavy is its reach and the follow up that closes the gap, if it connects. Its varied combo initiates with a jump back dodge animation and into an “iframe’d heavy”. But you can cancel and keep your charge. It goes through solid physical objects so you exploit walls etc. Pillar stance is kind of “broken” in some regards. The heavy functions as a perch, you can even heal on it with a talent. When you use it, it covers the distance of its length. Its varied combo’s primary use is fodder crowd control. Smash is equally good. Its varied charge is a blink/parry through the enemy attack with a heavy. Further down its tree is a talent that lets you retain manual focus charges with perfect dodge, along with being able to charge focus while moving. Which comes in handy in boss fights. The only issue with Smash’s heavy is its range later on with bosses who start stepping out of range in response…but this becomes a non issue when it’s a 4 orb charge. I use pillar 90% of the time. Thrust maybe 9% of the time and smash almost never. I firmly believe pillar is the superior style and is perfect for almost every situation.
Definitely would do that.  Is the poke style better than the standing style? How’s your experience from trying them out so far, comparing the two I went predominantly smash and stab. The pillar style I didn’t find interesting until later. What I liked about the stab heavy is its reach and the follow up that closes the gap, if it connects. Its varied combo initiates with a jump back dodge animation and into an “iframe’d heavy”. But you can cancel and keep your charge. It goes through solid physical objects so you exploit walls etc. Pillar stance is kind of “broken” in some regards. The heavy functions as a perch, you can even heal on it with a talent. When you use it, it covers the distance of its length. Its varied combo’s primary use is fodder crowd control. Smash is equally good. Its varied charge is a blink/parry through the enemy attack with a heavy. Further down its tree is a talent that lets you retain manual focus charges with perfect dodge, along with being able to charge focus while moving. Which comes in handy in boss fights. The only issue with Smash’s heavy is its range later on with bosses who start stepping out of range in response…but this becomes a non issue when it’s a 4 orb charge. I use pillar 90% of the time. Thrust maybe 9% of the time and smash almost never. I firmly believe pillar is the superior style and is perfect for almost every situation.
I went predominantly smash and stab. The pillar style I didn’t find interesting until later. What I liked about the stab heavy is its reach and the follow up that closes the gap, if it connects. Its varied combo initiates with a jump back dodge animation and into an “iframe’d heavy”. But you can cancel and keep your charge. It goes through solid physical objects so you exploit walls etc. Pillar stance is kind of “broken” in some regards. The heavy functions as a perch, you can even heal on it with a talent. When you use it, it covers the distance of its length. Its varied combo’s primary use is fodder crowd control. Smash is equally good. Its varied charge is a blink/parry through the enemy attack with a heavy. Further down its tree is a talent that lets you retain manual focus charges with perfect dodge, along with being able to charge focus while moving. Which comes in handy in boss fights. The only issue with Smash’s heavy is its range later on with bosses who start stepping out of range in response…but this becomes a non issue when it’s a 4 orb charge.
I use pillar 90% of the time. Thrust maybe 9% of the time and smash almost never. I firmly believe pillar is the superior style and is perfect for almost every situation.
Yeah I realized this super fast playing. The main combat mechanic is charging heavy hits and staggering. Perfect dodge and use the Spinning Staff attack to build focus, stagger then stun lock and just ambush them. They emphasized Wukong being a trickster and if we as the player cater to that the combat can be so smooth
I just beat chapter 3 and I've only used the standard bonking tree. Did like you and maxed out defense through Xu Dog and beat Yellow Brow in probably 5 attempts.
I mean that how it goes.. some people struggle..others dont ..fast forward to another boss and easy for people who struggled on the wight and vice versa
This was the opposite for me. Cut my initial playthrough short because I got immediately hardstuck on wandering wight. But once I progressed to the gold version of him it took less than 2-3 tries.
Damn lmao I found the good version much easier than baby thanos
The golden one is a joke compared to the first one
He's trouble when you begin the game and you are still getting the hang of things. He's there to, basically teach you to use your entire arsenal, and to not mash the attack buttons when it's the boss's turn. I can’t quite figure out what to do with the wave after wave of unavoidable AoE when you first engage. I tend to play it defensive at first to figure out a boss but it isn’t clear what to do here. Even if you avoid the first wave, the second wave is so large you basically can’t be anywhere within the wandering wights “arena”
I can’t quite figure out what to do with the wave after wave of unavoidable AoE when you first engage. I tend to play it defensive at first to figure out a boss but it isn’t clear what to do here. Even if you avoid the first wave, the second wave is so large you basically can’t be anywhere within the wandering wights “arena”
That is wild. I hit 21 when I beat Guai
Same, except it was level 15 or 16. But it wasn't the levels that helped. That boss taught me how to play the game, to the point that everything else in chapter 1 & partially into 2 (I'm at Crouching Tiger) has been fun and mostly manageable in 1-3 tries. The amount of damage Wight does, the methodical moveset allowing you to attack between moves, the environment teaching you to be careful where you are at, the specific AOE -- I hated that boss initially but now I think it's really well done.
Fk that type of grinding lol If this shocks you, you'll collapse after seeing people grind on MMOs like Old School Runescape. God damn lol 99 runecraft probably took me like 400 hours. Needless after getting that as my first 99 I was so burnt out I haven't played in years. I did it while watching movies and shows during the covid lock down. It's weird with RuneScape cuz whenever I start a grind the first couple hours feels great. The next 6 hours feel like hell on earth, and then after that I start enjoying it... They say Stockholm syndrome isn't actually real but there's gotta be something to it loool Dude I believe it. When I was in rehab we had a few kids in there with us for severe MMO addiction. We called them the “Evercrack” kids groovy apparatus joke snails smile silky squalid tap one humor This post was mass deleted and anonymized with Redact Second monitor, mobile. Imo I think he is grinding to make video for clicks.
If this shocks you, you'll collapse after seeing people grind on MMOs like Old School Runescape. God damn lol 99 runecraft probably took me like 400 hours. Needless after getting that as my first 99 I was so burnt out I haven't played in years. I did it while watching movies and shows during the covid lock down. It's weird with RuneScape cuz whenever I start a grind the first couple hours feels great. The next 6 hours feel like hell on earth, and then after that I start enjoying it... They say Stockholm syndrome isn't actually real but there's gotta be something to it loool Dude I believe it. When I was in rehab we had a few kids in there with us for severe MMO addiction. We called them the “Evercrack” kids
God damn lol
99 runecraft probably took me like 400 hours. Needless after getting that as my first 99 I was so burnt out I haven't played in years. I did it while watching movies and shows during the covid lock down. It's weird with RuneScape cuz whenever I start a grind the first couple hours feels great. The next 6 hours feel like hell on earth, and then after that I start enjoying it... They say Stockholm syndrome isn't actually real but there's gotta be something to it loool
It's weird with RuneScape cuz whenever I start a grind the first couple hours feels great. The next 6 hours feel like hell on earth, and then after that I start enjoying it... They say Stockholm syndrome isn't actually real but there's gotta be something to it loool
Dude I believe it. When I was in rehab we had a few kids in there with us for severe MMO addiction. We called them the “Evercrack” kids
groovy apparatus joke snails smile silky squalid tap one humor This post was mass deleted and anonymized with Redact Second monitor, mobile.
Second monitor, mobile.
Imo I think he is grinding to make video for clicks.
there is a meme in China that, someone could not find a way out of the starting area in a famous Chinese RPG(Chinese Paladin) 28 years ago, so he stayed there and leveled up for half a year grinding until his level was high enough for the endgame. The sword god in a newbie village. 仙劍1 (chinese paladin) my fav chinese rpg. Yall should try it out and it’s touching and romantic. Mine too, fond memories. I remember getting so hyped for the TV adaptation. Then I watched it with my cousin, we were like the fuck was that? Well, it helped launch Liu Yifei’s career, so that’s something. it was one of the greatest memories - but it is tedious by the modern standard, don't get me wrong I loved that game, it's just better staying in the memory Classic turn based rpg is never tedious to me (Im the type of collecting addict and farming and level grinding) The sword god in a newbie village Is this an anime title? nah there is no anime about this. thats a nickname for that poor player from all Chinese gamers “十里坡剑神” Definitely sounds like some light novel title that’ll one day become an anime. Jesus christ it's like in Kingdom Hearts 2 when people play as Roxas & grind him up to level 99 then start off as Sora at level 99. Freakin mad men. Exactly! There was a time that all RPGs were about  grinding and grinding only for the most part. That was a good time lol Yes, and after reading more posts about it, I think it’s likely to be true. He is roughly called ten-mile hill god of sword.
仙劍1 (chinese paladin) my fav chinese rpg. Yall should try it out and it’s touching and romantic. Mine too, fond memories. I remember getting so hyped for the TV adaptation. Then I watched it with my cousin, we were like the fuck was that? Well, it helped launch Liu Yifei’s career, so that’s something. it was one of the greatest memories - but it is tedious by the modern standard, don't get me wrong I loved that game, it's just better staying in the memory Classic turn based rpg is never tedious to me (Im the type of collecting addict and farming and level grinding)
Mine too, fond memories.
I remember getting so hyped for the TV adaptation. Then I watched it with my cousin, we were like the fuck was that? Well, it helped launch Liu Yifei’s career, so that’s something.
it was one of the greatest memories - but it is tedious by the modern standard, don't get me wrong I loved that game, it's just better staying in the memory Classic turn based rpg is never tedious to me (Im the type of collecting addict and farming and level grinding)
Classic turn based rpg is never tedious to me (Im the type of collecting addict and farming and level grinding)
The sword god in a newbie village Is this an anime title? nah there is no anime about this. thats a nickname for that poor player from all Chinese gamers “十里坡剑神” Definitely sounds like some light novel title that’ll one day become an anime.
nah there is no anime about this. thats a nickname for that poor player from all Chinese gamers
“十里坡剑神”
Definitely sounds like some light novel title that’ll one day become an anime.
Jesus christ it's like in Kingdom Hearts 2 when people play as Roxas & grind him up to level 99 then start off as Sora at level 99. Freakin mad men. Exactly! There was a time that all RPGs were about  grinding and grinding only for the most part. That was a good time lol
Exactly! There was a time that all RPGs were about  grinding and grinding only for the most part. That was a good time lol
Yes, and after reading more posts about it, I think it’s likely to be true. He is roughly called ten-mile hill god of sword.
XP farmer 🧑‍🌾, lol 😂 Wait until he finds the real farming in this game 😂 Leveling up is easy anyway since you do not lose anything upon death Is level 100 even the max level in this game? I feel like u can go beyond it, I'm currently level 54 in chapter 3. pretty sure someone did the math based on the skill tree and it was 342 Im not certain but I think the number 342 predicts the amount of years he is able to live during journey to the west. It’s not the max level, I’m level 110 on ng+ I think the max level is way over 200
Wait until he finds the real farming in this game 😂 Leveling up is easy anyway since you do not lose anything upon death Is level 100 even the max level in this game? I feel like u can go beyond it, I'm currently level 54 in chapter 3. pretty sure someone did the math based on the skill tree and it was 342 Im not certain but I think the number 342 predicts the amount of years he is able to live during journey to the west. It’s not the max level, I’m level 110 on ng+ I think the max level is way over 200
Leveling up is easy anyway since you do not lose anything upon death Is level 100 even the max level in this game? I feel like u can go beyond it, I'm currently level 54 in chapter 3. pretty sure someone did the math based on the skill tree and it was 342 Im not certain but I think the number 342 predicts the amount of years he is able to live during journey to the west. It’s not the max level, I’m level 110 on ng+ I think the max level is way over 200
Is level 100 even the max level in this game? I feel like u can go beyond it, I'm currently level 54 in chapter 3. pretty sure someone did the math based on the skill tree and it was 342 Im not certain but I think the number 342 predicts the amount of years he is able to live during journey to the west. It’s not the max level, I’m level 110 on ng+ I think the max level is way over 200
pretty sure someone did the math based on the skill tree and it was 342 Im not certain but I think the number 342 predicts the amount of years he is able to live during journey to the west.
Im not certain but I think the number 342 predicts the amount of years he is able to live during journey to the west.
It’s not the max level, I’m level 110 on ng+ I think the max level is way over 200
I grinded to level 100 in like 30 minutes using the cocoons next to the shrine at the lost piece of jade or whatever that checkpoint is called. I think each run gives 3000 “will” give or take and takes like 30 seconds or less. 用户已删除评论 I didn’t feel so, you need to get to level 324 or so to unlock all skills this just let me make a build that had specific tools fully leveled with decent defense. So many of the skills start taking two points to unlock nodes. To become a god and bully the boss. You also don't become "That" much stronger by leveling. Your gear matters a ton in this game too.
用户已删除评论 I didn’t feel so, you need to get to level 324 or so to unlock all skills this just let me make a build that had specific tools fully leveled with decent defense. So many of the skills start taking two points to unlock nodes. To become a god and bully the boss. You also don't become "That" much stronger by leveling. Your gear matters a ton in this game too.
I didn’t feel so, you need to get to level 324 or so to unlock all skills this just let me make a build that had specific tools fully leveled with decent defense. So many of the skills start taking two points to unlock nodes.
To become a god and bully the boss.
You also don't become "That" much stronger by leveling. Your gear matters a ton in this game too.
no bosses were harmed in the making of this gameplay
I beat blue head after dozens of tries. This was my first soulslike game, and I bought it because people said it wasn't a soulslike. I didn't even know he didn't have to be defeated on the first encounter.
“I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.“
Had to level up to 50 to beat the chapter 2 end boss. i had less trouble in the elden ring dlc lol Same. Only found out afterwards about the Wind Tamer. :<
Same. Only found out afterwards about the Wind Tamer. :<
The way he could have accomplished this 100x faster by simply playing the game as intended😅.
i got to well over 30 before taking on the lvl 1 boss. by the time I quit I think 3 snake pit runs got me one level. Probably took 2-3 hours maybe
Who suffered more, Guts or the wolves he was killing for 29 hours straight damn, now i want a berserk game in the wukong format
damn, now i want a berserk game in the wukong format
Boss: Hold up... you can't do that... that's illegal!
Reminds me of the guy who leveled up Cloud and Barret to 99 in the original FF7 before leaving the tutorial area. I believe it took him years tho because the EXP gain goes down.
👌
“This is the way.”
Time is precious.  I watched a YouTube video.  Turns out his channel is really good.  Suggests that people try to observe and find the pattern in boss behavior.
Perhaps its a blessing (or a curse) that I'm too stubborn to leave any business unfinished. If I get beat by a boss, it has to be 3000% obvious that I'm not supposed to be able to win. I once played Ys: Origins and there's a battle against one of the main villains that your character has early and he trounces you. BUT, the fact that I was able to damage him enough to get him half HP without some auto "the fight is over" move thrown my way meant (to me) I could beat him. So I closed the game and reloaded it like 60 times until I finally won and even got an achievement for it. Pretty much every boss in this game I run into, I keep running at like a seeking arrow until I win a war of attrition.
And then? What do you mean? Now we can finally play the game! I just saw a clip of his stream. Although he took full damage and almost died for several times, he still beat the tiger vanguard in his 1st try. I guess it worked...somehow lol.
What do you mean? Now we can finally play the game!
I just saw a clip of his stream. Although he took full damage and almost died for several times, he still beat the tiger vanguard in his 1st try. I guess it worked...somehow lol.
Way to enjoy the game For these people, that grind is the enjoyment I am almost certain the process was a painful waste of time but if it just so happened this guy enjoyed it then good for them I guess
For these people, that grind is the enjoyment
I am almost certain the process was a painful waste of time but if it just so happened this guy enjoyed it then good for them I guess
I was bummed because I just figured I could go back and when I did he was gone. But that's ok. I WILL get him next NG.
I'm at Level 60 right now. I like bein' OP, so 100 is my goal!
That’s the only way you can play this game like true Wukong instead of just an random monkey
you can use cheat engine
it took me 34 hours to reach lvl 87 while doing the entire game, so idk which is more efficient?
thats me when I tried to fight the whiteclad ass hole
Good old grind 🙊🙈🙉
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: welfedad 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-08-25T03:39:32.163000+0000 内容: Time well spent? Just because you can doesnt mean you should..
I’m in chapter 3 with a level of 72 that is quite high
that is quite high
I am pretty sure LOTS of people now have SouthPark WOW meme mind...
Clickbait! It's true he posted the video on his douyin(Chinese TikTok).
It's true he posted the video on his douyin(Chinese TikTok).
Still better than modding level Why? Its a single player game and they paid for it, i dont do it but like whats the problem? Theyre enjoying it, they paid for it and so they can play however they like.
Why? Its a single player game and they paid for it, i dont do it but like whats the problem? Theyre enjoying it, they paid for it and so they can play however they like.
Just use Fling trainer
As an aside, is level 100 the max level because, with all the spells & abilities in the game, I feel like u can go way beyond it. You can
You can
Now he can enjoy the game!
Why tho? Lol
I circle out the evidences which shows why OP is not lying. And here is the link to the OP: 红雨丶森林（黑神话悟空）的抖音 - 抖音 (douyin.com) .
Is 100 max level for this game? No, it's 342. The 342 resembles the number of Sparks you need to unlock all skills, and is also the amount of years Sun Wukong is predicted to live by 生死薄(Death note) in JTTW.
No, it's 342. The 342 resembles the number of Sparks you need to unlock all skills, and is also the amount of years Sun Wukong is predicted to live by 生死薄(Death note) in JTTW.
A small price to pay for salvation
For what lol
He's a madman
这猴子，又来了。。。
Yea, he built different
ayo nah I lowkey fw this, I kinda do the same thing, grinding levels while listening to your own music and getting perfect dodges on beat can be crazy
So did I it's worth it
i have done every boss as well as the secret / side quests for chapter 1 and 2 but am stuck on the wind sage. i’m going to cry. i’m already lvl 48. Do you have the wind tamer vessel? It helps trivialize the fight when he goes into the second phase.
Do you have the wind tamer vessel? It helps trivialize the fight when he goes into the second phase.
Dam.... only 29 hours?
Let the challenges begin
https://youtu.be/xQC_FFzZymY https://youtu.be/EAEifbogtuU I was lucky to beat em up with just button mashing 🤞🍀
What happens when you reach level 100?
People have been doing this for years in RPGs. They did it in Final Fantasy X killing the same handful of level 1 fish over and over again. I'm 100% certain people did it in Elden Ring.
十里坡剑圣
Patience is a virtue I grinded to lvl 30 and was near nervous brake down from shear repetitions, well done mate indeed.
Am in mid chapter 3 just out of pagoda. Am in the situation where any boss doesn’t last more than 3 attempts from 5-8 attempts in chapter 1-2. Looking back, this game presents true progression.
He should make a copy of his game save!
OMG God of War
版主已移除评论 Hello u/memeemss , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/memeemss , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
but why
…. But why would you do that…?
I been strapped for time so I just been grinding the snake dudes and dead snake xp farm lol like level 50 and barley started chapter 2.
How? I got more hours and at the end of chapter 4 with a bit of mind core grinding mixed in and not close to level 100
Sanest chinese enjoyer
reminds me of the WOW south park episode
Personally I'm getting pwnd by the same white clad warrior his attacks are so damn awkward the delay on a few moves is infuriating and he stun locks you if you get it with a few specific moves of his. I'm curious how Mr lvl 100 faired against him. I know they said the level cap is like 200 or 300+ one or the other. It matches whatever of years Sun Wukong has  in the legends.
I got stonewalled by some bosses in the final chapter. Now, I'm pretty much doing the same thing to farm every little power-up from sparks to mind cores.
Bro thats just cruel to the wolves
I mean, I really dont get how people get hard stuck in this game. It’s really not that hard if u play as intended. I was a bit shocked when I reached Chapter 3, just 9% of players got the trophy for it. What are y‘all doing? 😂
What the hell lol. What mob did he spam at chapter 1
Isn’t the max level cap 394 I seen it on YouTube
In Elden Ring, I got caught up in a grind-pattern with those little guys just south of Gurranq. "Vile Warriors" or something like that. They hit really hard, but you can easily backstab them and they give great XP (runes). I leveled up a couple times, then kept thinking of other things I could level for. "Just  couple more points in X means I can use the Y!" I think I farmed at least ten levels there before I forced myself out of it. It becomes meditative, like playing a mindless slot machine. I dislike that I did it, and this story is on a completely different scale, but I got sucked in.
Yea that's a waste.
i just finished the pagoda boss and i am at level 53...
Who else struggled a bit trying to beat the baby buddha in the beginning 😂
Nah i would have quit when i reached lvl 30
Dick tree!
I always see these. "This person got to max level in just the starting area of xyz game!" My reaction is always the same. Who the fuck cares and why is there an article/video about it?
I'm level 72 with 30 hours playtime, but only difference is I'm half way through Chapter 4 xD took the time to find all the secret bosses in the first 3 chapters, so netted a ton of exp.
Reincarnated As a Monkey?!: Farming Level 100 in The Starting Area!
I got to lvl 18 fighting just big head dude in the starting area
Wait until you hit the boss at the beginning of Ch 3. Hands down hardest boss yet. Secret bosses don't even hold close to this. Completely changes up how you got to fight a boss lol..
I got to 11 trying to kill that damn baby thing
Chinese players are a whole other species i swear lol
Goddamn, dude is crazier than me I like to do that with most rpgs but that's a whole new level lol I'm stil struggling in chapter 2 lvl 41...
Is there a patch coming for ps5 can't get pass title screen anybody got any suggestions
Wow
Reminds me of that guy that reached lvl.99 in Final Fantasy 7 before reaching the boss in the first reactor.
well if ya missed the wandering blight at least you have a chance to fight him again since he’s a secret boss in chapter 1, not sure tho if that effects anything to do if he did end up disappearing
Easy Mode Acquired !
I need to do this in ch 4 I’m getting my ass whipped
There are 2 types of seasoned souls fans, the under levelled and the over levelled🤣
How? Why?
Why?
I beat most bosses first try. Just beat Jin Tiger on first try. Only ones to give me hard time was the Tiger drinking blood and the sand rat.
To be fair that wight still was in the top 5 amount of deaths through my entire run. All bosses, all secrets, all spirits, all weapons and armor, etc. level 94 when I beat the secret ending Erlang Shen and Celestial Court
take solo leveling to the next level eh ? eh ?
And how do you know? For all we know you could be lying. Seek attention much?
I call bullshit.
