================================================================================  评论列表:
Nahida looked for information in irminsul but of the top of my head only those two have helped track me The Qixing also put up missing person posters in Liyue after we asked them to. IIRC, Yae said she would try to find information but we never got anything from her. Mondstadt has missing person posters as well! Well yes, Amber but them up in Mondstadt Way too up, up on top of the windmills And there's some by Angels Share and up around Dawn Winery I believe. the angels share one was actually placed by the devil I mean, her heart's in the right place. Unlike the poster. They're in the wildest places, like on top of a windmill. Who's gonna see them there? One is outside of Angel Share, the most popular bar, and has an interact box the size of Mondstadt Is ok, you don't want to go inside Angel's Share for half the quests and events anyways we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster. For the longest time, it never occurred to me that the missing poster information was for the sibling lol. I just thought it was just some random flavor text. The birbs, and other competent adventurers. Like if you can see this, it means you’re probably capable of reaching far flung lands and have information on this missing person. Hold up this writing is fire?? "Wanderer I know you're reading this. Please just tell the Traveler where their sibling is already. ~Yours Amber" It's Mondstadt so I'd assume quite a few people. Half the city probably owns hang gliders. Idk, its a city with people using gliders, and even have gliding competitions. A windmill is a great place to leap from. she's trying her best After Chapter I Act 4 said person isn’t missing anymore, so there’s no point for missing person posters after that Eh Yae is probably procrastinating i like that we help them to defeat ancient god, atop many things and they tell us "ok as a reward we can put posters" then there's Zhongli- "I know, but I'm not telling" lol He just forgot and too shy to admit it
The Qixing also put up missing person posters in Liyue after we asked them to. IIRC, Yae said she would try to find information but we never got anything from her. Mondstadt has missing person posters as well! Well yes, Amber but them up in Mondstadt Way too up, up on top of the windmills And there's some by Angels Share and up around Dawn Winery I believe. the angels share one was actually placed by the devil I mean, her heart's in the right place. Unlike the poster. They're in the wildest places, like on top of a windmill. Who's gonna see them there? One is outside of Angel Share, the most popular bar, and has an interact box the size of Mondstadt Is ok, you don't want to go inside Angel's Share for half the quests and events anyways we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster. For the longest time, it never occurred to me that the missing poster information was for the sibling lol. I just thought it was just some random flavor text. The birbs, and other competent adventurers. Like if you can see this, it means you’re probably capable of reaching far flung lands and have information on this missing person. Hold up this writing is fire?? "Wanderer I know you're reading this. Please just tell the Traveler where their sibling is already. ~Yours Amber" It's Mondstadt so I'd assume quite a few people. Half the city probably owns hang gliders. Idk, its a city with people using gliders, and even have gliding competitions. A windmill is a great place to leap from. she's trying her best After Chapter I Act 4 said person isn’t missing anymore, so there’s no point for missing person posters after that Eh Yae is probably procrastinating i like that we help them to defeat ancient god, atop many things and they tell us "ok as a reward we can put posters"
Mondstadt has missing person posters as well! Well yes, Amber but them up in Mondstadt Way too up, up on top of the windmills And there's some by Angels Share and up around Dawn Winery I believe. the angels share one was actually placed by the devil I mean, her heart's in the right place. Unlike the poster. They're in the wildest places, like on top of a windmill. Who's gonna see them there? One is outside of Angel Share, the most popular bar, and has an interact box the size of Mondstadt Is ok, you don't want to go inside Angel's Share for half the quests and events anyways we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster. For the longest time, it never occurred to me that the missing poster information was for the sibling lol. I just thought it was just some random flavor text. The birbs, and other competent adventurers. Like if you can see this, it means you’re probably capable of reaching far flung lands and have information on this missing person. Hold up this writing is fire?? "Wanderer I know you're reading this. Please just tell the Traveler where their sibling is already. ~Yours Amber" It's Mondstadt so I'd assume quite a few people. Half the city probably owns hang gliders. Idk, its a city with people using gliders, and even have gliding competitions. A windmill is a great place to leap from. she's trying her best
Well yes, Amber but them up in Mondstadt Way too up, up on top of the windmills And there's some by Angels Share and up around Dawn Winery I believe. the angels share one was actually placed by the devil I mean, her heart's in the right place. Unlike the poster.
Way too up, up on top of the windmills And there's some by Angels Share and up around Dawn Winery I believe. the angels share one was actually placed by the devil I mean, her heart's in the right place. Unlike the poster.
And there's some by Angels Share and up around Dawn Winery I believe. the angels share one was actually placed by the devil
the angels share one was actually placed by the devil
I mean, her heart's in the right place. Unlike the poster.
They're in the wildest places, like on top of a windmill. Who's gonna see them there? One is outside of Angel Share, the most popular bar, and has an interact box the size of Mondstadt Is ok, you don't want to go inside Angel's Share for half the quests and events anyways we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster. For the longest time, it never occurred to me that the missing poster information was for the sibling lol. I just thought it was just some random flavor text. The birbs, and other competent adventurers. Like if you can see this, it means you’re probably capable of reaching far flung lands and have information on this missing person. Hold up this writing is fire?? "Wanderer I know you're reading this. Please just tell the Traveler where their sibling is already. ~Yours Amber" It's Mondstadt so I'd assume quite a few people. Half the city probably owns hang gliders. Idk, its a city with people using gliders, and even have gliding competitions. A windmill is a great place to leap from. she's trying her best
One is outside of Angel Share, the most popular bar, and has an interact box the size of Mondstadt Is ok, you don't want to go inside Angel's Share for half the quests and events anyways we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster. For the longest time, it never occurred to me that the missing poster information was for the sibling lol. I just thought it was just some random flavor text.
Is ok, you don't want to go inside Angel's Share for half the quests and events anyways we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster.
we had to go there A LOT early game so yeah it was pretty annoying That was /s r/woosh
That was /s
r/woosh
A few times I've actually Xianyunned myself up to the balcony door just to avoid the poster.
For the longest time, it never occurred to me that the missing poster information was for the sibling lol. I just thought it was just some random flavor text.
The birbs, and other competent adventurers. Like if you can see this, it means you’re probably capable of reaching far flung lands and have information on this missing person. Hold up this writing is fire?? "Wanderer I know you're reading this. Please just tell the Traveler where their sibling is already. ~Yours Amber"
Hold up this writing is fire??
"Wanderer I know you're reading this. Please just tell the Traveler where their sibling is already. ~Yours Amber"
It's Mondstadt so I'd assume quite a few people. Half the city probably owns hang gliders.
Idk, its a city with people using gliders, and even have gliding competitions. A windmill is a great place to leap from.
she's trying her best
After Chapter I Act 4 said person isn’t missing anymore, so there’s no point for missing person posters after that
Eh Yae is probably procrastinating
i like that we help them to defeat ancient god, atop many things and they tell us "ok as a reward we can put posters"
then there's Zhongli- "I know, but I'm not telling" lol He just forgot and too shy to admit it
He just forgot and too shy to admit it
Direidyth put her all into it. The one character who stepped up and actually found our sibling.... BUT IN THE PAST TBF we didn't tell her when to find the sibling... Direidyth my GOAT The only one who promised to find them, and ACTUALLY FOUND THEM. You couldn't have worded it better. I'm about to cry. 😩 My wife 😭😭
The one character who stepped up and actually found our sibling.... BUT IN THE PAST TBF we didn't tell her when to find the sibling...
TBF we didn't tell her when to find the sibling...
Direidyth my GOAT The only one who promised to find them, and ACTUALLY FOUND THEM.
You couldn't have worded it better. I'm about to cry. 😩
My wife 😭😭
Her intentions are good, but I don’t know how anyone’s gonna see that missing person poster on the church of favonius roof… People say that she put them up there because only adventurers would be able to get up there and see them, and those people would have better chances of finding a missing person than your average citizen. Amber is playing 5d chess goddamn So people randomly scaling buildings in Mondstadt just because they can is canon? The first thing Anna did after her recuperation from a severe illness was climbing the cathedral. So yes, it's canon. Amber previous anecdote is take place up there Anna does. We only find her in high places. lol Considering  how rpg protagonists can basically break into anyone's homes I wouldn't be surprised if they scaled buildings just because they can, you never know there might just be a chest with loot up there It seems to me that there are wind gliders in Mondstadt, and that the flight exercise can take place on the roofs of Mondstadt. And by lore, only Mondstadters can use wing gliders due to Barbatos's blessing. To be more exact, it is the planner who receives the blessing. not the Mondstadois. So anyone can use a planner as long as the object is blessed by Barbatos. However, technology is mainly at the disposal of the Mondstadois. Rarely hear about it about technology outside Mondstadt and Liyue. In Sumeru, the only mention of a wind planner comes from Jeth who compares it to Paimon, and says that it would be practical to have it. She put one in the tavern anyway. Mondstadt people loves to drink The game seems to imply that most people in Mondstadt have gliders, so people might actually be up there I forgot about that one, yeah, she tried at least Favonius owns the church?! https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Church_of_Favonius Uhm. Yes. The Knights of Favonius are devoted to Barbatos. Find me someone in Mondstadt whom you can speak with without having Barbatos mentioned within the first 5 minutes. Maybe Rosaria and that's it. That's peak devotion. Hey you never know! Because Amber knows Lumine is watching over our every move from places like that and is shaming her with these posters.
People say that she put them up there because only adventurers would be able to get up there and see them, and those people would have better chances of finding a missing person than your average citizen. Amber is playing 5d chess goddamn So people randomly scaling buildings in Mondstadt just because they can is canon? The first thing Anna did after her recuperation from a severe illness was climbing the cathedral. So yes, it's canon. Amber previous anecdote is take place up there Anna does. We only find her in high places. lol Considering  how rpg protagonists can basically break into anyone's homes I wouldn't be surprised if they scaled buildings just because they can, you never know there might just be a chest with loot up there
Amber is playing 5d chess goddamn
So people randomly scaling buildings in Mondstadt just because they can is canon? The first thing Anna did after her recuperation from a severe illness was climbing the cathedral. So yes, it's canon. Amber previous anecdote is take place up there Anna does. We only find her in high places. lol Considering  how rpg protagonists can basically break into anyone's homes I wouldn't be surprised if they scaled buildings just because they can, you never know there might just be a chest with loot up there
The first thing Anna did after her recuperation from a severe illness was climbing the cathedral. So yes, it's canon.
Amber previous anecdote is take place up there
Anna does. We only find her in high places. lol
Considering  how rpg protagonists can basically break into anyone's homes I wouldn't be surprised if they scaled buildings just because they can, you never know there might just be a chest with loot up there
It seems to me that there are wind gliders in Mondstadt, and that the flight exercise can take place on the roofs of Mondstadt. And by lore, only Mondstadters can use wing gliders due to Barbatos's blessing. To be more exact, it is the planner who receives the blessing. not the Mondstadois. So anyone can use a planner as long as the object is blessed by Barbatos. However, technology is mainly at the disposal of the Mondstadois. Rarely hear about it about technology outside Mondstadt and Liyue. In Sumeru, the only mention of a wind planner comes from Jeth who compares it to Paimon, and says that it would be practical to have it.
And by lore, only Mondstadters can use wing gliders due to Barbatos's blessing. To be more exact, it is the planner who receives the blessing. not the Mondstadois. So anyone can use a planner as long as the object is blessed by Barbatos. However, technology is mainly at the disposal of the Mondstadois. Rarely hear about it about technology outside Mondstadt and Liyue. In Sumeru, the only mention of a wind planner comes from Jeth who compares it to Paimon, and says that it would be practical to have it.
To be more exact, it is the planner who receives the blessing. not the Mondstadois. So anyone can use a planner as long as the object is blessed by Barbatos. However, technology is mainly at the disposal of the Mondstadois. Rarely hear about it about technology outside Mondstadt and Liyue. In Sumeru, the only mention of a wind planner comes from Jeth who compares it to Paimon, and says that it would be practical to have it.
She put one in the tavern anyway. Mondstadt people loves to drink
The game seems to imply that most people in Mondstadt have gliders, so people might actually be up there
I forgot about that one, yeah, she tried at least
Favonius owns the church?! https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Church_of_Favonius Uhm. Yes. The Knights of Favonius are devoted to Barbatos. Find me someone in Mondstadt whom you can speak with without having Barbatos mentioned within the first 5 minutes. Maybe Rosaria and that's it. That's peak devotion.
https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Church_of_Favonius Uhm. Yes. The Knights of Favonius are devoted to Barbatos. Find me someone in Mondstadt whom you can speak with without having Barbatos mentioned within the first 5 minutes. Maybe Rosaria and that's it. That's peak devotion.
Find me someone in Mondstadt whom you can speak with without having Barbatos mentioned within the first 5 minutes. Maybe Rosaria and that's it. That's peak devotion.
Hey you never know!
Because Amber knows Lumine is watching over our every move from places like that and is shaming her with these posters.
Not sure, but I’m starting to realize I didn’t appreciate her design as much as I should. She’s actually so gorgeoussss we need more amber screen time in the future pls 🙏 Even her kit isn’t bad. It’s the numbers that suck. She's actually surprisingly good as a splash unit against anything which cares about number of elemental hits instead of elemental application (and even there it's good too).  It hits 18 times; she shreds a quarter of the Papilla's Abyss shield (a third for the overworld version) for the low low price of hitting Q. I actually find it really amazing when I see the occasional Amber being used against the lava statue, even in Dire difficulty amber main here amber has great numbers if you focus on her autoattack damage for exploring and shooting down random mobs. you dont need to do your turbo ultra ability combo for every hilichurl, and in those moments its nice that amber can oneshot anything on the map if mained. When i first started, i was a fan of charged shots to the face with r5 Messenger. Very satisfying. Proof that her kit isn't bad: her carrying me vs the lava dragon statue in SO lvl 5 lol. And even then, she was literally top tier in Stygian Onslaught recently against that boss that required Pyro. Upcoming Amber Main right here. 😁 The fact there is like three characters with brown hair certainly makes her stand out Her design is one of the best in the game imo. She's pretty and cute, she's funny, chill and kind, her outfit is both sexy and practical. One day, when I have enough disposable resources I wanna build her properly to be able to comfortably play her.
Even her kit isn’t bad. It’s the numbers that suck. She's actually surprisingly good as a splash unit against anything which cares about number of elemental hits instead of elemental application (and even there it's good too).  It hits 18 times; she shreds a quarter of the Papilla's Abyss shield (a third for the overworld version) for the low low price of hitting Q. I actually find it really amazing when I see the occasional Amber being used against the lava statue, even in Dire difficulty amber main here amber has great numbers if you focus on her autoattack damage for exploring and shooting down random mobs. you dont need to do your turbo ultra ability combo for every hilichurl, and in those moments its nice that amber can oneshot anything on the map if mained. When i first started, i was a fan of charged shots to the face with r5 Messenger. Very satisfying. Proof that her kit isn't bad: her carrying me vs the lava dragon statue in SO lvl 5 lol. And even then, she was literally top tier in Stygian Onslaught recently against that boss that required Pyro.
She's actually surprisingly good as a splash unit against anything which cares about number of elemental hits instead of elemental application (and even there it's good too).  It hits 18 times; she shreds a quarter of the Papilla's Abyss shield (a third for the overworld version) for the low low price of hitting Q. I actually find it really amazing when I see the occasional Amber being used against the lava statue, even in Dire difficulty
I actually find it really amazing when I see the occasional Amber being used against the lava statue, even in Dire difficulty
amber main here amber has great numbers if you focus on her autoattack damage for exploring and shooting down random mobs. you dont need to do your turbo ultra ability combo for every hilichurl, and in those moments its nice that amber can oneshot anything on the map if mained. When i first started, i was a fan of charged shots to the face with r5 Messenger. Very satisfying.
When i first started, i was a fan of charged shots to the face with r5 Messenger. Very satisfying.
Proof that her kit isn't bad: her carrying me vs the lava dragon statue in SO lvl 5 lol.
And even then, she was literally top tier in Stygian Onslaught recently against that boss that required Pyro.
Upcoming Amber Main right here. 😁
The fact there is like three characters with brown hair certainly makes her stand out
Her design is one of the best in the game imo. She's pretty and cute, she's funny, chill and kind, her outfit is both sexy and practical. One day, when I have enough disposable resources I wanna build her properly to be able to comfortably play her.
we already found our sibling Indeed, the traveler's current goal is no longer to find his/her twins, but to learn more about Teyvat and the goal of his/her sibling. Edit: My God, I started a grammar war in the answers. It's okay, I corrected myself. Edit: My God, I started a grammar war in the answers. It's okay, I corrected myself. Random tip for another time. "Their" and "them" work much better/safer/less awkward and is still linguistically correct when describing a single person. Indeed, the traveler's current goal is no longer to find his/her twins, but to learn more about Teyvat and the goal of his/her sibling. Hot take: Finding our sibling is STILL our current goal. We know they are ok, but we don't know where they are. We only know that they'll keep running away until we fulfill their conditions, so we play along. We found our sibling way back in 1.4 There was no longer any need to put up any missing person posters after that... What would be the point of putting up missing person posters for the prince/princess of the Abyss?
Indeed, the traveler's current goal is no longer to find his/her twins, but to learn more about Teyvat and the goal of his/her sibling. Edit: My God, I started a grammar war in the answers. It's okay, I corrected myself. Edit: My God, I started a grammar war in the answers. It's okay, I corrected myself. Random tip for another time. "Their" and "them" work much better/safer/less awkward and is still linguistically correct when describing a single person. Indeed, the traveler's current goal is no longer to find his/her twins, but to learn more about Teyvat and the goal of his/her sibling. Hot take: Finding our sibling is STILL our current goal. We know they are ok, but we don't know where they are. We only know that they'll keep running away until we fulfill their conditions, so we play along.
Edit: My God, I started a grammar war in the answers. It's okay, I corrected myself. Random tip for another time. "Their" and "them" work much better/safer/less awkward and is still linguistically correct when describing a single person.
Indeed, the traveler's current goal is no longer to find his/her twins, but to learn more about Teyvat and the goal of his/her sibling. Hot take: Finding our sibling is STILL our current goal. We know they are ok, but we don't know where they are. We only know that they'll keep running away until we fulfill their conditions, so we play along.
We found our sibling way back in 1.4 There was no longer any need to put up any missing person posters after that... What would be the point of putting up missing person posters for the prince/princess of the Abyss?
Nahida try to Help 2 time with irminsul. Scara too actually. and Yoimiya the only one who actually asked more about the traveler sibling. (in her story quest act 2) Mavuika offered to punch the traveler's sibling. I ll consider that help😂 Considering the end of the last Dain quest, our sibling could use a little factory reset. This comment is underrated 😂😂😂😂 Us: yeah go ahead REAL
Mavuika offered to punch the traveler's sibling. I ll consider that help😂 Considering the end of the last Dain quest, our sibling could use a little factory reset. This comment is underrated 😂😂😂😂 Us: yeah go ahead REAL
I ll consider that help😂 Considering the end of the last Dain quest, our sibling could use a little factory reset. This comment is underrated 😂😂😂😂
Considering the end of the last Dain quest, our sibling could use a little factory reset. This comment is underrated 😂😂😂😂
This comment is underrated 😂😂😂😂
Us: yeah go ahead REAL
REAL
Nahida and Wanderer: am i a joke to you
Nahida helped too, as well as the Liyue brass, but I think we stopped actively looking for the sibling after meeting them in... Sumeru? I'm referring to the "We will be Reunited" quest. Pretty much after Liyue, even before Inazuma. With the exception of Taomaru, I can't remember Traveller asking anyone in Inazuma if they saw his sibling. He understood at that point that 500 years had passed and no one was going to recognise the sibling. https://imgur.com/a/biq67NN It was released in 1.4, so after Liyue. We’ve had no need to look for the sibling since.
Pretty much after Liyue, even before Inazuma. With the exception of Taomaru, I can't remember Traveller asking anyone in Inazuma if they saw his sibling. He understood at that point that 500 years had passed and no one was going to recognise the sibling. https://imgur.com/a/biq67NN
https://imgur.com/a/biq67NN
It was released in 1.4, so after Liyue. We’ve had no need to look for the sibling since.
I mean, we already know the twin is a freaking Abyss Order leader, more poster on more region really wouldnt help
This 2021 discussion 💔
Direidyth
Why are people in the comment section mad and misinterpreting OP's question as "why nobody is trying to find our sibling anymore?" 😭 I think they are just curious which character put effort when Traveller needed to know about the whereabouts of their sibling BEFORE
Well, after the Traveler found his/her sibs and their goal, there is literally no need to find them anymore, no ? We're never beating the allegations. Yeah. People are still stuck in 1.0 and think that the traveler is trying to find the sibling. there is literally no need to find them anymore, no ? Given how traveller reacts whenever they get a glimpse of their sibling, they're still trying to find them Cus whenever the traveller finds their sibling, they lose them like 5 minutes later
We're never beating the allegations. Yeah. People are still stuck in 1.0 and think that the traveler is trying to find the sibling.
Yeah. People are still stuck in 1.0 and think that the traveler is trying to find the sibling.
there is literally no need to find them anymore, no ? Given how traveller reacts whenever they get a glimpse of their sibling, they're still trying to find them Cus whenever the traveller finds their sibling, they lose them like 5 minutes later
I always wanted Amber to have more screen time, to appear more tho... She's like the first girl of the story. You can tell she was meant to have a more permanent presence just going over her character story. Missing grandpa (like Traveler -> missing sibling). Ace flyer (like Traveler was before getting clipped by cubes). Last remaining member of a disgraced and obsolete division. Accidentally handed you a children's book that basically says "stop being scared of doing what you want to do and take the plunge" which might as well have applied to her as well (just resign from the KoF and join the Traveler on their journeys). The sheer amount of promotional/extra material she was featured in early on. ...But Hoyo saw the cash cow they suddenly had on their hands and Amber's low usage rate, so they switched to parading around 5 stars as guest-appearance-of-the-week to rake in that dosh while relegating most 4 stars to sidekick status unless they were oddly popular (and that was mostly determined through usage rates).
You can tell she was meant to have a more permanent presence just going over her character story. Missing grandpa (like Traveler -> missing sibling). Ace flyer (like Traveler was before getting clipped by cubes). Last remaining member of a disgraced and obsolete division. Accidentally handed you a children's book that basically says "stop being scared of doing what you want to do and take the plunge" which might as well have applied to her as well (just resign from the KoF and join the Traveler on their journeys). The sheer amount of promotional/extra material she was featured in early on. ...But Hoyo saw the cash cow they suddenly had on their hands and Amber's low usage rate, so they switched to parading around 5 stars as guest-appearance-of-the-week to rake in that dosh while relegating most 4 stars to sidekick status unless they were oddly popular (and that was mostly determined through usage rates).
Kinich went out and lured Enjou to get info from him for us. We didn't even ask him or tell him we're trying to get more info on our sibling. He's a real bro
Well there is amber Nahida, Scaramouche and kinda kinich Mona said she try to help us but never did Niguang cares that we have a missing sibling And dainslaif who actually succeeded to find the sibling
Nahida literally looked through Irminsul for them. It's more impressive than blocking the entrance to Angle's Share with a poster, in my opinion...
Ningguang also allowed to give posters in the finale of AQ
What about Nahida and Dainsleif? Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find Dain. Yes, technically he is probably just hunting our sibling down in order to kill them, but help is help ya know? Wasn't it mentioned that he wants to speak to them? Before their duel, the abyssal twin mentioned that if Dainsleif wanted a conversation, he'd have to defeat them.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find Dain. Yes, technically he is probably just hunting our sibling down in order to kill them, but help is help ya know? Wasn't it mentioned that he wants to speak to them? Before their duel, the abyssal twin mentioned that if Dainsleif wanted a conversation, he'd have to defeat them.
Wasn't it mentioned that he wants to speak to them? Before their duel, the abyssal twin mentioned that if Dainsleif wanted a conversation, he'd have to defeat them.
Genshin players are never going to beat the allegations huh? Finding the sibling hasn't been our goal for the last three regions. We met the sibling long ago and we are no longer looking for them. Genshin players are never going to beat the allegations tions huh? The real genshin players who never beat the allegations are all the people who answer "we already found the sibling". The OP never asked if we are still looking for the sibling, OP asked who else provided genuine help
Genshin players are never going to beat the allegations tions huh? The real genshin players who never beat the allegations are all the people who answer "we already found the sibling". The OP never asked if we are still looking for the sibling, OP asked who else provided genuine help
No, but she put her all into it. <3 There's also Nahida who pretty much index-searched the Irminsul for any snippets of related information. Unrelated, but that pose would make such a cute thespian trick. Would get in a heartbeat.
The Traveler already announced long ago that he found his sibling so there was no need to search for her anymore.
After Liyue, Traveler only wanted to found out why his/her twin leads the Abyss Order
Yoimiya too
“Oh you saved our entire country?  Here, we’ll put a poster.” —JelloApocalypse
She put posters of our siblings in some of the weirdest places of all.
With a few others, yes.
Me when I skip over information:
Ehh, we are kinda not searchinf for our sibling rn, we are travelling tevyat like our sibling told a couple of patches back.
Do keep in mind, we stop looking for our sibling since "We will be reunited." We are just exploring and travel Teyvat like the abyss sibling said to do.
Liyue qixing
Now aether only finding waifus in teyvat and me im finding Alice
Indeed, it is as you have guessed.
Mona tried but since lumine and aether are not from tevyat she couldn't see nothing with her hydromancy
What do you think Paimon is doing journeying with you for?
Amber the realest
For most of the story so far, the goal has not been to physically find the sibling, but to find out why they won't come back to the MC.
Don't forget Keqing and Nahida. The latter searching Irminsul and doing everything in her power to find the sibling. Still actively doing that.
Off-topic, but this Amber image goes into my collection now
She put flyers and stuff
I mean, I feel like we kinda stopped asking people to help. I know we did in mondstadt, but I can't think of anyone in liyue. Then we asked 1 person in Sumeru, being Nahida, and then no one in fontaine or natlan.
best girl does best as she can
What's your measurement stick for genuine?
Had to think for like 20 seconds where her arms are in this image
pretty sure nahida and dain and maybe capitano helped with finding our sibling,nahida basically gave us the spoiler tea with the we are not the first aliens in teyvat,dain is basically your siblings bro from the past,and capitano knows him(thats just it and why the reason I said maybe)
Traveller knows where their sibling is which is why only the people upto Liyue actively helped us look for them. Nahida helped us cuz irminsul
Did the game ever conclude that storyline from the start of the game? Or who was the person that did it?
Venti does help, by drinking drunk in the bar~
No, but Amber was deffinitly the most noteworthy as she was the first and brought it up several occassions. To me she seems to be the more genuine one helping us. And not because we owe them a favor because we helped them in the past.
Bruh, I felt de javu. I've seen this post before, even the replies are similar....
I think it's because everyone else knew... you know...
I think traveler stopped asking for help per se after Sumeru drama
paimon crying in the corner:
Kind of a complicated answer… Several of the KoF did help us search, including Amber. Iirc (though this has been nearly 5 years ago, so my memory may not be correct) Kaeya is the one who points us toward Dain, which is a point in the right direction. Liyue’s government also helps after we solve their crisis. Just because nothing ever came of it doesn’t mean they didn’t help. Missing person posters went up around Liyue, and people in positions of power are keeping their eyes open. Inazuma just wouldn’t make a lot of sense to seek help from. They’re just too remote. By the time we traveled to Sumeru our quest to “find our missing sibling” had come to an end. We had found them! They told us to complete our journey so we would understand their goals. Nahida (and by extension Wanderer) tried to look up info in Irminsul, and gave us the info that we are not in Irminsul, but that our sibling is. Fontaine and Natlan never really brought it up. At this point we’re “completing our journey” which means there was never a reason to. Though I have no doubt that Neuvilette, Furina, Navia, as well as the entirety of Natlan would have helped do so if we’d so much as asked.
She isn't the only one to have genuinely looked or tried to find out any information on them. The Qixing in Liyue also put up missing person posters like Amber did in Mondstadt. Yae said she would look into it, but she couldn't guarantee anything because they'd been closed off from the rest of Teyvat for so long, and we still have yet to hear anything else from her. Nahida looked through Irminsul's memories to try and find out any information, but there wasn't any to find. Neuvillette, from what I remember, he didn't really look for any information, but he did provide us with more information about the descenders, so it was at least minutely helpful. Lastly, Mavuika was more focused on the war in Natlan to really hear the traveler out. However, I am sure she would have tried to find something relevant to help them out if she could. Plus, now she has Nod-Krai to worry about, so she again won't be of much help in helping us find them. Edit: It's has been a very long time since I've played certain parts of the story, so my knowledge is a tad rusty.
...huh
Keep in mind, we stopped asking people to find them after Liyue. We asked Nahida about things because she can look into history itself to find things, but beyond that, nobody else is actually useful in searching because they don't want to be found. If anything, sending them against the sibling could turn out disastrous due to their role with the Abyss Order. Last thing we want to do is set them up to fight Lectors and other nastier abyssals. At this point we are just making a round trip to all the archons because they might know some major detail that could help us figure out what the fuck they are doing. Sans Cryo, who I'm pretty sure we will be visiting to punch in the shnozz (And then find ourselves in a shotgun wedding a day later because I'm about 90% sure that Shneznayans get off to that) before finding out why she needs to run an international conspiracy to punch the principles in the taint.
No, she was one of few that actually didn't do anything useful, Because hanging missing person posters in really hard to get places is really disrespectful for traveler.
A friend of mine was once showing me her roster and i said to her: who's that blondie? That's Lumine and that's how little i care about my sibling. I genuinely didn't know who she was. who asked tho?
who asked tho?
