================================================================================  评论列表:
Wait to dodge. Seriously. A large portion of his attacks are delayed. The third hit in his more common sword combo, the aerial kick, the cleave. It’s hard to get out of your system but if you wait to dodge it gets a lot easier. track me My problem is the damage he takes. It’s minimal. I am using the bronze armour set for the extra immobilization effect & I put almost all my pts into transformation augments while using the fire sword wolf guy & level 4 shock spear rat spirit. The guy takes no damage. I have the serpent weapon augment on too, & I’ve consistently been able to dodge most of his attacks and delayed sword flurries. The issue with me is it takes forever to take his health down to 50% by which time ive depleted my mana. Then one punch and im dead. When he turns metal and then disappears before he punches me is impossible for me to dodge because i lose lock on. So frustrating but so fun to fight him if i could just deal more damage Take all those points from transformation and put them literally anywhere else. Transformation points are not even remotely worth it at that point, your uptime with transform is minimal compared to the overall length of any boss fight that matters and once it’s gone those points are wasted.  Think about it this way, if you have 20 points in your transformation and you are level 30, after it runs out you are trying to beat this guy as a level 10. Put enough points in your stances to get 3 focus slots, maybes. It more to pick up some some more damage and stam efficiency then put most of the rest into fundamentals and some into immobilize.  Use either guangmou for the poison damage or wandering weight for the defense boost, eight is also a good choice to get a crash out of immobilization as well.  Tiger medicine also helps push through a lot of extra damage as well. Also if you haven’t looked around already, there’s another path you go besides through the Tiger temple that might give you some stuff to help out as well. I also feel like bosses get insanely aggressive once you transform, so you can't even get good enough value out of transformation, but it might just be me. For me I use it to try and at least get the status effect on them. Like the snake guy that poisons, I usually try to stagger the enemy, then summon snakes, then freeze them as they attack for extra damage. This way I make sure they get the status and dish out massive damage. Like, sure the bosses have insane HP, but tbh once you do some clever comboing you can really do some damage. Usually you can even do it twice with enough upgrades. Edit: I meant the spirit form. Not the full-on transformation Wait, are you talking about the spirits or the transformation where you actually play as different character ? Personally, after unlocking the pluck of many, the bosses have been cheese to the point that it almost feels cheating, and I feel kinda guilty when I use it. Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol I think you are talking about spirits, transformations go in a spell slot.  Spirits are like an ultimate that you build up and transformations last longer and are on a standard cooldown. Spirits are worth upgrading because they just have a materials cost, but don’t cost sparks. Yeah, I didnt even bother putting points into Transformation stats, seems like kind of a pointless XP sink. Half of the basic upgrades cost 2 points each level. And there are upgrades for specific transformations that mostly cost 2 points each level but they boost only one stat on that one transformation, so if you wanna use a different form for a different boss you get no benefit whatsoever. It's definitely the weirdest part of the progression tree. When he turns into metal, the best thing to do is out your back against the edge of the arena so he can’t sneak you. And honestly, it’s a very wear and tear fight. It took me 7-8 minutes to whittle him down, but saving immobilizes for a three focus-heavy always takes a nice bit of damage. I also used the wandering weight, but i think that’s just preference. Even with all of this, it took me 14 tries to beat him. Remember the Brick wall metaphor There is a little whistle sound that plays before he dashes, if you dodge right after that you will dodge that attack every time. Ohh there are audio cues too… omg been playing on speakers… Save the invisible spell and transform to tank those high damage attacks. Go somewhere else first and level up if needed. Respec your points, transformation is a very very weak category Use the stamina water bonus set. You should have the black wind staff crafted by this point, why don't you have it? I spent a bunch of points in immobilize until I realized evanescence is fucking impossible to trigger so I ended up just putting the points into health/damage skills. I also didn't think it was worth putting points into the transformation because he has a limited moveset and doesn't do as much damage as monke. What worked for me was the earth wolf spirit and just focusing on heavy attacks and for the metal and then invis dodge thing, even though you lose lock-on you can still press dodge and even though its in a random direction youre still dodging his hit. i advise spinning the camera as the blood thing start to appear in the air because tiger shows up briefly in midair and you can see it.
My problem is the damage he takes. It’s minimal. I am using the bronze armour set for the extra immobilization effect & I put almost all my pts into transformation augments while using the fire sword wolf guy & level 4 shock spear rat spirit. The guy takes no damage. I have the serpent weapon augment on too, & I’ve consistently been able to dodge most of his attacks and delayed sword flurries. The issue with me is it takes forever to take his health down to 50% by which time ive depleted my mana. Then one punch and im dead. When he turns metal and then disappears before he punches me is impossible for me to dodge because i lose lock on. So frustrating but so fun to fight him if i could just deal more damage Take all those points from transformation and put them literally anywhere else. Transformation points are not even remotely worth it at that point, your uptime with transform is minimal compared to the overall length of any boss fight that matters and once it’s gone those points are wasted.  Think about it this way, if you have 20 points in your transformation and you are level 30, after it runs out you are trying to beat this guy as a level 10. Put enough points in your stances to get 3 focus slots, maybes. It more to pick up some some more damage and stam efficiency then put most of the rest into fundamentals and some into immobilize.  Use either guangmou for the poison damage or wandering weight for the defense boost, eight is also a good choice to get a crash out of immobilization as well.  Tiger medicine also helps push through a lot of extra damage as well. Also if you haven’t looked around already, there’s another path you go besides through the Tiger temple that might give you some stuff to help out as well. I also feel like bosses get insanely aggressive once you transform, so you can't even get good enough value out of transformation, but it might just be me. For me I use it to try and at least get the status effect on them. Like the snake guy that poisons, I usually try to stagger the enemy, then summon snakes, then freeze them as they attack for extra damage. This way I make sure they get the status and dish out massive damage. Like, sure the bosses have insane HP, but tbh once you do some clever comboing you can really do some damage. Usually you can even do it twice with enough upgrades. Edit: I meant the spirit form. Not the full-on transformation Wait, are you talking about the spirits or the transformation where you actually play as different character ? Personally, after unlocking the pluck of many, the bosses have been cheese to the point that it almost feels cheating, and I feel kinda guilty when I use it. Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol I think you are talking about spirits, transformations go in a spell slot.  Spirits are like an ultimate that you build up and transformations last longer and are on a standard cooldown. Spirits are worth upgrading because they just have a materials cost, but don’t cost sparks. Yeah, I didnt even bother putting points into Transformation stats, seems like kind of a pointless XP sink. Half of the basic upgrades cost 2 points each level. And there are upgrades for specific transformations that mostly cost 2 points each level but they boost only one stat on that one transformation, so if you wanna use a different form for a different boss you get no benefit whatsoever. It's definitely the weirdest part of the progression tree. When he turns into metal, the best thing to do is out your back against the edge of the arena so he can’t sneak you. And honestly, it’s a very wear and tear fight. It took me 7-8 minutes to whittle him down, but saving immobilizes for a three focus-heavy always takes a nice bit of damage. I also used the wandering weight, but i think that’s just preference. Even with all of this, it took me 14 tries to beat him. Remember the Brick wall metaphor There is a little whistle sound that plays before he dashes, if you dodge right after that you will dodge that attack every time. Ohh there are audio cues too… omg been playing on speakers… Save the invisible spell and transform to tank those high damage attacks. Go somewhere else first and level up if needed. Respec your points, transformation is a very very weak category Use the stamina water bonus set. You should have the black wind staff crafted by this point, why don't you have it? I spent a bunch of points in immobilize until I realized evanescence is fucking impossible to trigger so I ended up just putting the points into health/damage skills. I also didn't think it was worth putting points into the transformation because he has a limited moveset and doesn't do as much damage as monke. What worked for me was the earth wolf spirit and just focusing on heavy attacks and for the metal and then invis dodge thing, even though you lose lock-on you can still press dodge and even though its in a random direction youre still dodging his hit. i advise spinning the camera as the blood thing start to appear in the air because tiger shows up briefly in midair and you can see it.
Take all those points from transformation and put them literally anywhere else. Transformation points are not even remotely worth it at that point, your uptime with transform is minimal compared to the overall length of any boss fight that matters and once it’s gone those points are wasted.  Think about it this way, if you have 20 points in your transformation and you are level 30, after it runs out you are trying to beat this guy as a level 10. Put enough points in your stances to get 3 focus slots, maybes. It more to pick up some some more damage and stam efficiency then put most of the rest into fundamentals and some into immobilize.  Use either guangmou for the poison damage or wandering weight for the defense boost, eight is also a good choice to get a crash out of immobilization as well.  Tiger medicine also helps push through a lot of extra damage as well. Also if you haven’t looked around already, there’s another path you go besides through the Tiger temple that might give you some stuff to help out as well. I also feel like bosses get insanely aggressive once you transform, so you can't even get good enough value out of transformation, but it might just be me. For me I use it to try and at least get the status effect on them. Like the snake guy that poisons, I usually try to stagger the enemy, then summon snakes, then freeze them as they attack for extra damage. This way I make sure they get the status and dish out massive damage. Like, sure the bosses have insane HP, but tbh once you do some clever comboing you can really do some damage. Usually you can even do it twice with enough upgrades. Edit: I meant the spirit form. Not the full-on transformation Wait, are you talking about the spirits or the transformation where you actually play as different character ? Personally, after unlocking the pluck of many, the bosses have been cheese to the point that it almost feels cheating, and I feel kinda guilty when I use it. Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol I think you are talking about spirits, transformations go in a spell slot.  Spirits are like an ultimate that you build up and transformations last longer and are on a standard cooldown. Spirits are worth upgrading because they just have a materials cost, but don’t cost sparks. Yeah, I didnt even bother putting points into Transformation stats, seems like kind of a pointless XP sink. Half of the basic upgrades cost 2 points each level. And there are upgrades for specific transformations that mostly cost 2 points each level but they boost only one stat on that one transformation, so if you wanna use a different form for a different boss you get no benefit whatsoever. It's definitely the weirdest part of the progression tree.
I also feel like bosses get insanely aggressive once you transform, so you can't even get good enough value out of transformation, but it might just be me. For me I use it to try and at least get the status effect on them. Like the snake guy that poisons, I usually try to stagger the enemy, then summon snakes, then freeze them as they attack for extra damage. This way I make sure they get the status and dish out massive damage. Like, sure the bosses have insane HP, but tbh once you do some clever comboing you can really do some damage. Usually you can even do it twice with enough upgrades. Edit: I meant the spirit form. Not the full-on transformation Wait, are you talking about the spirits or the transformation where you actually play as different character ? Personally, after unlocking the pluck of many, the bosses have been cheese to the point that it almost feels cheating, and I feel kinda guilty when I use it. Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol I think you are talking about spirits, transformations go in a spell slot.  Spirits are like an ultimate that you build up and transformations last longer and are on a standard cooldown. Spirits are worth upgrading because they just have a materials cost, but don’t cost sparks.
For me I use it to try and at least get the status effect on them. Like the snake guy that poisons, I usually try to stagger the enemy, then summon snakes, then freeze them as they attack for extra damage. This way I make sure they get the status and dish out massive damage. Like, sure the bosses have insane HP, but tbh once you do some clever comboing you can really do some damage. Usually you can even do it twice with enough upgrades. Edit: I meant the spirit form. Not the full-on transformation Wait, are you talking about the spirits or the transformation where you actually play as different character ? Personally, after unlocking the pluck of many, the bosses have been cheese to the point that it almost feels cheating, and I feel kinda guilty when I use it. Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol I think you are talking about spirits, transformations go in a spell slot.  Spirits are like an ultimate that you build up and transformations last longer and are on a standard cooldown. Spirits are worth upgrading because they just have a materials cost, but don’t cost sparks.
Wait, are you talking about the spirits or the transformation where you actually play as different character ? Personally, after unlocking the pluck of many, the bosses have been cheese to the point that it almost feels cheating, and I feel kinda guilty when I use it. Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol
Nah, don't be. It's literally wukong's most famous/popular ability next to transforming. You'd be playing into the lore if anything lol
I think you are talking about spirits, transformations go in a spell slot.  Spirits are like an ultimate that you build up and transformations last longer and are on a standard cooldown. Spirits are worth upgrading because they just have a materials cost, but don’t cost sparks.
Yeah, I didnt even bother putting points into Transformation stats, seems like kind of a pointless XP sink. Half of the basic upgrades cost 2 points each level. And there are upgrades for specific transformations that mostly cost 2 points each level but they boost only one stat on that one transformation, so if you wanna use a different form for a different boss you get no benefit whatsoever. It's definitely the weirdest part of the progression tree.
When he turns into metal, the best thing to do is out your back against the edge of the arena so he can’t sneak you. And honestly, it’s a very wear and tear fight. It took me 7-8 minutes to whittle him down, but saving immobilizes for a three focus-heavy always takes a nice bit of damage. I also used the wandering weight, but i think that’s just preference. Even with all of this, it took me 14 tries to beat him. Remember the Brick wall metaphor
There is a little whistle sound that plays before he dashes, if you dodge right after that you will dodge that attack every time. Ohh there are audio cues too… omg been playing on speakers…
Ohh there are audio cues too… omg been playing on speakers…
Save the invisible spell and transform to tank those high damage attacks. Go somewhere else first and level up if needed.
Respec your points, transformation is a very very weak category
Use the stamina water bonus set.
You should have the black wind staff crafted by this point, why don't you have it?
I spent a bunch of points in immobilize until I realized evanescence is fucking impossible to trigger so I ended up just putting the points into health/damage skills. I also didn't think it was worth putting points into the transformation because he has a limited moveset and doesn't do as much damage as monke. What worked for me was the earth wolf spirit and just focusing on heavy attacks
and for the metal and then invis dodge thing, even though you lose lock-on you can still press dodge and even though its in a random direction youre still dodging his hit. i advise spinning the camera as the blood thing start to appear in the air because tiger shows up briefly in midair and you can see it.
You have to be more specific. There is a family of of tigers. OH NO Most of them are a lot easier then swordy mc swords a lot though. It’s genuinely possible to kill one of them before he can get an attack off, and I’m very much not good at the game, I felt so bad after I did it lol, didn’t even finish his intro speech. The blacksmith was no joke either Blacksmith was the first boss actually struggled with. I hate super delayed attacks, like his triple-spin-windup on the scripted uppercut. Or his command grab. Fuck that ability. I got hit with the grab every time still dont know how to dodge it but i beat him The fact that the camera is basically his tag team partner doesn't help either. I just beat him last night myself, and he was also the only fight that I really struggled with. Some bosses took a handful of tries, but this guy took forever. Am I the only one that felt bad for wiping out an entire bloodline? I mean we don't kill the dad but is he already dead or something? Or trapped in a land between time? I didn't quite understand that part.
OH NO Most of them are a lot easier then swordy mc swords a lot though. It’s genuinely possible to kill one of them before he can get an attack off, and I’m very much not good at the game, I felt so bad after I did it lol, didn’t even finish his intro speech. The blacksmith was no joke either Blacksmith was the first boss actually struggled with. I hate super delayed attacks, like his triple-spin-windup on the scripted uppercut. Or his command grab. Fuck that ability. I got hit with the grab every time still dont know how to dodge it but i beat him The fact that the camera is basically his tag team partner doesn't help either. I just beat him last night myself, and he was also the only fight that I really struggled with. Some bosses took a handful of tries, but this guy took forever.
Most of them are a lot easier then swordy mc swords a lot though. It’s genuinely possible to kill one of them before he can get an attack off, and I’m very much not good at the game, I felt so bad after I did it lol, didn’t even finish his intro speech. The blacksmith was no joke either Blacksmith was the first boss actually struggled with. I hate super delayed attacks, like his triple-spin-windup on the scripted uppercut. Or his command grab. Fuck that ability. I got hit with the grab every time still dont know how to dodge it but i beat him The fact that the camera is basically his tag team partner doesn't help either. I just beat him last night myself, and he was also the only fight that I really struggled with. Some bosses took a handful of tries, but this guy took forever.
The blacksmith was no joke either Blacksmith was the first boss actually struggled with. I hate super delayed attacks, like his triple-spin-windup on the scripted uppercut. Or his command grab. Fuck that ability. I got hit with the grab every time still dont know how to dodge it but i beat him The fact that the camera is basically his tag team partner doesn't help either. I just beat him last night myself, and he was also the only fight that I really struggled with. Some bosses took a handful of tries, but this guy took forever.
Blacksmith was the first boss actually struggled with. I hate super delayed attacks, like his triple-spin-windup on the scripted uppercut. Or his command grab. Fuck that ability. I got hit with the grab every time still dont know how to dodge it but i beat him The fact that the camera is basically his tag team partner doesn't help either. I just beat him last night myself, and he was also the only fight that I really struggled with. Some bosses took a handful of tries, but this guy took forever.
I got hit with the grab every time still dont know how to dodge it but i beat him
The fact that the camera is basically his tag team partner doesn't help either. I just beat him last night myself, and he was also the only fight that I really struggled with. Some bosses took a handful of tries, but this guy took forever.
Am I the only one that felt bad for wiping out an entire bloodline? I mean we don't kill the dad but is he already dead or something? Or trapped in a land between time? I didn't quite understand that part.
If it's the tiger in the pool of blood equip the serpentborne armor. The blood is water and will give you the stamina effect, less armor but the buff helps tremendously. Dodge like fuck, punish him with your stick. Also that crazy slash attack that damn near one shots you, learn the timing on that because it will ruin a win very easily. Other than that I honestly spammed the ever living asshole out of that dodge button and it helped. Don't be afraid to create some distance so you can see what attack is coming I didn’t get to try it but somebody said in a similar post to always keep near the tiger to prevent his sword slash one shot attack It's not necessary if you are uncomfortable with that play style. Learning to dodge it is not harder than whiteclad noble's 2 phase dash. Also if you don't learn to dodge fast area slashes like that now, you're really going to suffer in the later acts. Cyan Loong made me question all my timing. You can dodge into the ranged slash If I remember it correctly, the timing of that sword attack will change a bit when his health gets low. I saved my transformation (->+R2) for him doing the invisible move and the crazy slash attack. Tried my best to do damage but used the extra health bar as a back up for me not being able to dodge with Wukong himself Also, I believe it gives you health when your health is low You know what, I kept thinking if that’d work or not and I was like “nah they probably made the blood different”. Ended up beating him without but still good to hear I remember thinking of this after half an hour of failing - until I realized I was already wearing it and still getting rekt 🫠 Oh what the fucking fuck I removed this armour because some nerd online said the blood wasn’t water It's not a magical cure but it got me over the hump for sure when I switched to it. Also immobilize and wandering wight do a good chunk of damage I thought that too but tried it and it worked wonders. Fuck didn't even give that a thought but totally makes sense... this little shit had me going crazy for a good 10 tries before I finally beat his ass. Dodge like fuck, punish him with your stick. Can I use this advice for my next Kendo lesson? Instructions unclear, my monitor smells like gentleman sausage
Also that crazy slash attack that damn near one shots you, learn the timing on that because it will ruin a win very easily. Other than that I honestly spammed the ever living asshole out of that dodge button and it helped. Don't be afraid to create some distance so you can see what attack is coming I didn’t get to try it but somebody said in a similar post to always keep near the tiger to prevent his sword slash one shot attack It's not necessary if you are uncomfortable with that play style. Learning to dodge it is not harder than whiteclad noble's 2 phase dash. Also if you don't learn to dodge fast area slashes like that now, you're really going to suffer in the later acts. Cyan Loong made me question all my timing. You can dodge into the ranged slash If I remember it correctly, the timing of that sword attack will change a bit when his health gets low. I saved my transformation (->+R2) for him doing the invisible move and the crazy slash attack. Tried my best to do damage but used the extra health bar as a back up for me not being able to dodge with Wukong himself
I didn’t get to try it but somebody said in a similar post to always keep near the tiger to prevent his sword slash one shot attack It's not necessary if you are uncomfortable with that play style. Learning to dodge it is not harder than whiteclad noble's 2 phase dash. Also if you don't learn to dodge fast area slashes like that now, you're really going to suffer in the later acts. Cyan Loong made me question all my timing. You can dodge into the ranged slash
It's not necessary if you are uncomfortable with that play style. Learning to dodge it is not harder than whiteclad noble's 2 phase dash. Also if you don't learn to dodge fast area slashes like that now, you're really going to suffer in the later acts. Cyan Loong made me question all my timing.
Also if you don't learn to dodge fast area slashes like that now, you're really going to suffer in the later acts. Cyan Loong made me question all my timing.
Cyan Loong made me question all my timing.
You can dodge into the ranged slash
If I remember it correctly, the timing of that sword attack will change a bit when his health gets low.
I saved my transformation (->+R2) for him doing the invisible move and the crazy slash attack. Tried my best to do damage but used the extra health bar as a back up for me not being able to dodge with Wukong himself
Also, I believe it gives you health when your health is low
You know what, I kept thinking if that’d work or not and I was like “nah they probably made the blood different”. Ended up beating him without but still good to hear
I remember thinking of this after half an hour of failing - until I realized I was already wearing it and still getting rekt 🫠
Oh what the fucking fuck I removed this armour because some nerd online said the blood wasn’t water It's not a magical cure but it got me over the hump for sure when I switched to it. Also immobilize and wandering wight do a good chunk of damage I thought that too but tried it and it worked wonders.
It's not a magical cure but it got me over the hump for sure when I switched to it. Also immobilize and wandering wight do a good chunk of damage
I thought that too but tried it and it worked wonders.
Fuck didn't even give that a thought but totally makes sense... this little shit had me going crazy for a good 10 tries before I finally beat his ass.
Dodge like fuck, punish him with your stick. Can I use this advice for my next Kendo lesson?
Instructions unclear, my monitor smells like gentleman sausage
There are other bosses in the area. And tons of places to farm ememies. Get stronger. Then go back and bash him with stick. Yep, I’m like level 60 in chapter 3, I feel the difficulty of the bosses are progressively easier as I get stronger and regardless of the boss mechanics it’s all about getting used to dodging and execution. Plus keyboard and mouse are way easier to execute. Do you gain stats from every level up? I thought you just got a skill point. You can use the skill points for raw stats. I’m mid 60’s as well and have several points in hp and defense Keyboard and mouse would fuck me up playing this THIS! I just beat him last night. Did some farming and got to level 50. Got the pluck spell and respecced and maxed out that skill tree. I died my first attempt,  but second attempt, I went in, hit him with a heavy, plucked and got my multi monkies involved, hit him with immobilize and he was dead before the plucked spell wore off. It quite literally shocked me. We just beat his ass down.
Yep, I’m like level 60 in chapter 3, I feel the difficulty of the bosses are progressively easier as I get stronger and regardless of the boss mechanics it’s all about getting used to dodging and execution. Plus keyboard and mouse are way easier to execute. Do you gain stats from every level up? I thought you just got a skill point. You can use the skill points for raw stats. I’m mid 60’s as well and have several points in hp and defense Keyboard and mouse would fuck me up playing this THIS! I just beat him last night. Did some farming and got to level 50. Got the pluck spell and respecced and maxed out that skill tree. I died my first attempt,  but second attempt, I went in, hit him with a heavy, plucked and got my multi monkies involved, hit him with immobilize and he was dead before the plucked spell wore off. It quite literally shocked me. We just beat his ass down.
Do you gain stats from every level up? I thought you just got a skill point. You can use the skill points for raw stats. I’m mid 60’s as well and have several points in hp and defense
You can use the skill points for raw stats. I’m mid 60’s as well and have several points in hp and defense
Keyboard and mouse would fuck me up playing this
THIS! I just beat him last night. Did some farming and got to level 50. Got the pluck spell and respecced and maxed out that skill tree. I died my first attempt,  but second attempt, I went in, hit him with a heavy, plucked and got my multi monkies involved, hit him with immobilize and he was dead before the plucked spell wore off. It quite literally shocked me. We just beat his ass down.
I think there are 2 main attacks most people are having issue His high damage slash attack as soon as you see the tiger hold the sheath at his back, cloud step and kick his back. You can avoid the slash and do some damage When the tiger received enough damage, he crouched with all four his leg and became invulnerable, if you hit him during this state he will disappear and spawn somewhere else to punch you so hard from a distance as soon as you see him crouch and turn gold/brass. Rotate your camera, as soon as you see the puff of smoke, side dodge immediately.
He got me with the twisting feint slash every single time
Stay close. Don’t give him space to do long range attacks. Use cloud step and immobilize. Don’t use monkey army(takes too much mana) Monkey army? Wait what level should I be trying to kill this guy?? Idk I beat the stone boss first How? I thought he naturally follows the Tiger Temple..do you remember the path you took to get to him first? No I found the tiger first, lost 2 fights and decided to circle back to get xp and ended up facing the stone Vangaurd first and that one was much easier. Theres also a secret in that arena that can definitely help you if you have. All the Buddha eyes but I’ll let you research that I heard about the Buddha eyes but just noticed from some commenters that there is another path to Stone Vanguard besides through the Tiger Temple..I thought I explored every thing until the invisible walls stopped me up until Tiger Temple but I guess not :/ Do you remember which path/shrine you were at and which way you went to circle back that led you to Stone Vanguard? When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier. travel to rockrest flat, you will see giant gate. go through it Thank you my dude The big open area where you fought the tiny rat dad and his son. If you go left, you go to the tiger. If you go right you go to the stone golem. Yeah I tried that initially when stuck on Tiger Vanguard but the gate was locked (needed an item from Stone Vanguard to proceed) and there was invisible walls preventing me from going right towards the cliff....I'll have to revisit this later as I probs missed something but thanks for your help man! There are many, many ways to progress the maps. Granted - but I was literally trying to understand the route when I asked. As in " what direction(s) to take? " Eh, if you spec into shadow clones it doesn't really matter how much mana they take cuz the boss is going to be long dead before the clones even expire. It's literally legal cheat codes with very few bosses that can survive through it (and usually if boss can survive then you shouldn't be using clones anyway cuz they have some way to counter it) Makes sense. I haven’t spec into it yet. I assume anyone at that level hasn’t gotten to the point yet. Plus the ability to upgrade mana comes after that first tiger Is monkey army bad for bosses in general or just this one? Never know if it’s worth using for a boss fight. In my opinion it’s not good until later on when you can start upgrading mana. The strand ability takes about half of your mana immediately. That being said, you you like to hang back it’s good. But beware, some bosses in particular can turn your monkeys against you. (Found out the hard way) Thanks for the tip. lol that sounds crazy, I’m still stuck on the stupid wind sage chicken leg boss, he’s ended my play session on multiple days now lmao but might be better without monke army. chicken leg 💀💀 Did you get the ability that is R2+L3 ? I cannot fully remember where to get it. But you can use it to completely prevent his tornados
Monkey army? Wait what level should I be trying to kill this guy?? Idk I beat the stone boss first How? I thought he naturally follows the Tiger Temple..do you remember the path you took to get to him first? No I found the tiger first, lost 2 fights and decided to circle back to get xp and ended up facing the stone Vangaurd first and that one was much easier. Theres also a secret in that arena that can definitely help you if you have. All the Buddha eyes but I’ll let you research that I heard about the Buddha eyes but just noticed from some commenters that there is another path to Stone Vanguard besides through the Tiger Temple..I thought I explored every thing until the invisible walls stopped me up until Tiger Temple but I guess not :/ Do you remember which path/shrine you were at and which way you went to circle back that led you to Stone Vanguard? When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier. travel to rockrest flat, you will see giant gate. go through it Thank you my dude The big open area where you fought the tiny rat dad and his son. If you go left, you go to the tiger. If you go right you go to the stone golem. Yeah I tried that initially when stuck on Tiger Vanguard but the gate was locked (needed an item from Stone Vanguard to proceed) and there was invisible walls preventing me from going right towards the cliff....I'll have to revisit this later as I probs missed something but thanks for your help man! There are many, many ways to progress the maps. Granted - but I was literally trying to understand the route when I asked. As in " what direction(s) to take? "
Idk I beat the stone boss first How? I thought he naturally follows the Tiger Temple..do you remember the path you took to get to him first? No I found the tiger first, lost 2 fights and decided to circle back to get xp and ended up facing the stone Vangaurd first and that one was much easier. Theres also a secret in that arena that can definitely help you if you have. All the Buddha eyes but I’ll let you research that I heard about the Buddha eyes but just noticed from some commenters that there is another path to Stone Vanguard besides through the Tiger Temple..I thought I explored every thing until the invisible walls stopped me up until Tiger Temple but I guess not :/ Do you remember which path/shrine you were at and which way you went to circle back that led you to Stone Vanguard? When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier. travel to rockrest flat, you will see giant gate. go through it Thank you my dude The big open area where you fought the tiny rat dad and his son. If you go left, you go to the tiger. If you go right you go to the stone golem. Yeah I tried that initially when stuck on Tiger Vanguard but the gate was locked (needed an item from Stone Vanguard to proceed) and there was invisible walls preventing me from going right towards the cliff....I'll have to revisit this later as I probs missed something but thanks for your help man! There are many, many ways to progress the maps. Granted - but I was literally trying to understand the route when I asked. As in " what direction(s) to take? "
How? I thought he naturally follows the Tiger Temple..do you remember the path you took to get to him first? No I found the tiger first, lost 2 fights and decided to circle back to get xp and ended up facing the stone Vangaurd first and that one was much easier. Theres also a secret in that arena that can definitely help you if you have. All the Buddha eyes but I’ll let you research that I heard about the Buddha eyes but just noticed from some commenters that there is another path to Stone Vanguard besides through the Tiger Temple..I thought I explored every thing until the invisible walls stopped me up until Tiger Temple but I guess not :/ Do you remember which path/shrine you were at and which way you went to circle back that led you to Stone Vanguard? When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier. travel to rockrest flat, you will see giant gate. go through it Thank you my dude The big open area where you fought the tiny rat dad and his son. If you go left, you go to the tiger. If you go right you go to the stone golem. Yeah I tried that initially when stuck on Tiger Vanguard but the gate was locked (needed an item from Stone Vanguard to proceed) and there was invisible walls preventing me from going right towards the cliff....I'll have to revisit this later as I probs missed something but thanks for your help man! There are many, many ways to progress the maps. Granted - but I was literally trying to understand the route when I asked. As in " what direction(s) to take? "
No I found the tiger first, lost 2 fights and decided to circle back to get xp and ended up facing the stone Vangaurd first and that one was much easier. Theres also a secret in that arena that can definitely help you if you have. All the Buddha eyes but I’ll let you research that I heard about the Buddha eyes but just noticed from some commenters that there is another path to Stone Vanguard besides through the Tiger Temple..I thought I explored every thing until the invisible walls stopped me up until Tiger Temple but I guess not :/ Do you remember which path/shrine you were at and which way you went to circle back that led you to Stone Vanguard? When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier.
I heard about the Buddha eyes but just noticed from some commenters that there is another path to Stone Vanguard besides through the Tiger Temple..I thought I explored every thing until the invisible walls stopped me up until Tiger Temple but I guess not :/ Do you remember which path/shrine you were at and which way you went to circle back that led you to Stone Vanguard? When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier.
When you walk into the rat king/second prince arena, there are three paths you can technically follow. The left leads to the Tiger Vanguard (Closest to the shrine), the center requires you to beat both vanguards to open, and the bridge to the right leads to a large area with several shrines and a direct path to the stone vanguard arena. There's tons to explore on that side, including the buddha eyes. Best of luck soldier.
travel to rockrest flat, you will see giant gate. go through it Thank you my dude
Thank you my dude
The big open area where you fought the tiny rat dad and his son. If you go left, you go to the tiger. If you go right you go to the stone golem. Yeah I tried that initially when stuck on Tiger Vanguard but the gate was locked (needed an item from Stone Vanguard to proceed) and there was invisible walls preventing me from going right towards the cliff....I'll have to revisit this later as I probs missed something but thanks for your help man!
Yeah I tried that initially when stuck on Tiger Vanguard but the gate was locked (needed an item from Stone Vanguard to proceed) and there was invisible walls preventing me from going right towards the cliff....I'll have to revisit this later as I probs missed something but thanks for your help man!
There are many, many ways to progress the maps. Granted - but I was literally trying to understand the route when I asked. As in " what direction(s) to take? "
Granted - but I was literally trying to understand the route when I asked. As in " what direction(s) to take? "
Eh, if you spec into shadow clones it doesn't really matter how much mana they take cuz the boss is going to be long dead before the clones even expire. It's literally legal cheat codes with very few bosses that can survive through it (and usually if boss can survive then you shouldn't be using clones anyway cuz they have some way to counter it) Makes sense. I haven’t spec into it yet. I assume anyone at that level hasn’t gotten to the point yet. Plus the ability to upgrade mana comes after that first tiger
Makes sense. I haven’t spec into it yet. I assume anyone at that level hasn’t gotten to the point yet. Plus the ability to upgrade mana comes after that first tiger
Is monkey army bad for bosses in general or just this one? Never know if it’s worth using for a boss fight. In my opinion it’s not good until later on when you can start upgrading mana. The strand ability takes about half of your mana immediately. That being said, you you like to hang back it’s good. But beware, some bosses in particular can turn your monkeys against you. (Found out the hard way) Thanks for the tip. lol that sounds crazy, I’m still stuck on the stupid wind sage chicken leg boss, he’s ended my play session on multiple days now lmao but might be better without monke army. chicken leg 💀💀 Did you get the ability that is R2+L3 ? I cannot fully remember where to get it. But you can use it to completely prevent his tornados
In my opinion it’s not good until later on when you can start upgrading mana. The strand ability takes about half of your mana immediately. That being said, you you like to hang back it’s good. But beware, some bosses in particular can turn your monkeys against you. (Found out the hard way) Thanks for the tip. lol that sounds crazy, I’m still stuck on the stupid wind sage chicken leg boss, he’s ended my play session on multiple days now lmao but might be better without monke army. chicken leg 💀💀 Did you get the ability that is R2+L3 ? I cannot fully remember where to get it. But you can use it to completely prevent his tornados
Thanks for the tip. lol that sounds crazy, I’m still stuck on the stupid wind sage chicken leg boss, he’s ended my play session on multiple days now lmao but might be better without monke army. chicken leg 💀💀 Did you get the ability that is R2+L3 ? I cannot fully remember where to get it. But you can use it to completely prevent his tornados
chicken leg 💀💀
Did you get the ability that is R2+L3 ? I cannot fully remember where to get it. But you can use it to completely prevent his tornados
I almost chewed on my controller because of that guy today. I abused his starter move which is always the same, to the right. Used immobilize spell to stack focus and light-attack with heavy finisher comboed him. What really sucked was learning that leg sweep dodge timing. Probably the hardest one for me so far...
With inner peace…
So what I've found is that with that bullshit Disappear -> Dash Attack move that removes your lock on, my strategy is to run to to sides of the arena the moment he goes rock solid. Ideally the shorter sides. I don't know how reliable this is, but I'm assuming his tracking forces his position to be far away from you. When you're backed up against a wall, there's one less direction he'll come from and so he'll usually be visible and easier to dodge this way. Managed to get it to work consistently enough for me to reliably dodge that attack. I use the Invisibility spell (not sure what it's called in English) everytime he does that or the ranged energy attack, works wonders what ranged energy attack💀🗿
I use the Invisibility spell (not sure what it's called in English) everytime he does that or the ranged energy attack, works wonders what ranged energy attack💀🗿
what ranged energy attack💀🗿
This fight was a pain. It's all about learning the dodges. It took me about 30 tries to get this dude. Wear the armor that heals you in water. Use the tallies that gives you stamina and defense. And learn the dodges. Also I found the smash stance did better on him than the others. The heavy attack at 3 charges really does a number on him.
Dodge like crazy . I just dodged most of his attacks and specially when he brings out his sword and turns stone 🪨
Btw there’s another tiger in the game that’s way harder. Optional tho 😁 Any tips for him? He keeps kicking my ass and resists most of my spells. I assume you’re talking about yin tiger. If so I managed it by a fucking hair. Frantic 😂 But one thing is learn to delay the dodge on the fire swords as he delays those.i can’t remember but probably won’t bother with immobilise. Also i played the whole game using smash stance most of the time to do the counter attacks where you see through. And remember to pop all your pills Cheers, I'll try him again when I get home. I guess getting good is the best advice 😂 He’s ridiculous
Any tips for him? He keeps kicking my ass and resists most of my spells. I assume you’re talking about yin tiger. If so I managed it by a fucking hair. Frantic 😂 But one thing is learn to delay the dodge on the fire swords as he delays those.i can’t remember but probably won’t bother with immobilise. Also i played the whole game using smash stance most of the time to do the counter attacks where you see through. And remember to pop all your pills Cheers, I'll try him again when I get home. I guess getting good is the best advice 😂 He’s ridiculous
I assume you’re talking about yin tiger. If so I managed it by a fucking hair. Frantic 😂 But one thing is learn to delay the dodge on the fire swords as he delays those.i can’t remember but probably won’t bother with immobilise. Also i played the whole game using smash stance most of the time to do the counter attacks where you see through. And remember to pop all your pills Cheers, I'll try him again when I get home. I guess getting good is the best advice 😂 He’s ridiculous
Cheers, I'll try him again when I get home. I guess getting good is the best advice 😂 He’s ridiculous
He’s ridiculous
lmfao this image and the context of the caption made me cackle
lot of them mentioned to use the water armor, this what helped me defeat this guy. if u have trouble of the dissapearing attack, use the cloud to trick this guy. Also I find "bonk" build is the best for this guy
Well, the image is showing a gun, make use of your immobilization.
Get good. But nah use cloud step a lot… get used to his very long sword swing animation and learn to pause in the middle then keep dodging. Use transformation if you can’t dodge his super fast attack where he dashes across the screen
You’re gonna hate yin tiger even more
The monkey clones are super clutch in this fight.
I lost count of how many tries I did, but it took me four hours to beat him. For me, his most punishing attack is the one slash, but in time, I learned to dodge it. When he put his finger to his lips, 1 second, dodge to the front. The rest are mostly usual dodging. Try to dodge toward him when he's not doing long combos and get some hits in. Oh, and I use mostly heavy attacks on him, so my sparks are mostly on that.
the forth hit always slow
Did you try to put in rice?
Put on metal music. Play it very loudly. And destroy that tiger. Also I made sure I had the composure talent unlocked as well as the perfect dodge armor set. Basically specd into dodging.
If it’s blood tiger omg I was so annoyed with how easy his fight should have been. He telegraphs sooo hard and it still took me 3.5 hrs to beat him. His base combo is super easy to dodge if you don’t forget that he will do a tail swipe. And his sword slashes are all started with a vocal cue, “rage” “slash” “take this”. Also for the love of god do not over dodge on his four slash sword combo remember that there is a pause between the 3rd and 4th hit. And try and save your transformation for the end of the fight if you want some extra security on your health.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: X023 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-08-26T04:35:28.108000+0000 内容: I found the easiest way to beat him was to bring his life down to ‘0’ while keeping mine above ‘0’ simultaneously.
Use the infinite mana glitch before they patch it.
What I used to beat him is freeze and damage. Let him come to you and dodge, it will give you time to do couple of hits. Just dodge those sword attacks that can kill you if your health is half or low. He's easy once you figure that out and easy if you can time perfect dodges.
You stuck with this guy? Well, a lot of people have already completed this game.😆
It took me forever and I'm far from an expert expert. I'll say this for every question like this about a boss, just keep trying. You'll eventually memorize their combos and timing, and you will be able to dodge them more easily and find the right times for your own attacks. For this specific boss, he usually growls or says something before he unleashes his big attacks so use that to your benefit as well.
Dodge and charged attack with freeze lol he's not that hard
I fought him about 30+ times until I saw a youtube video saying to equip the serpent armor instead that heals you when in water and I finally beat the shit out of him
If you get far enough away after the third hit, the super-delayed attacks won't happen. The sword’s single slash, which deals a ton of damage, can be dodged by moving left or right immediately after the voice line.
Blur armour that gives buff in water and other drinking buffs Other than that just dodge and use immobilisation + monke clones (maxed out)
It took me 3 days and long breaks.....u need to perfect dodge... that's it.....my wisdom to u
Stay close to the tiger if your distance is too much he does that sword teleport attack that takes tremendous hp and it’s always an instant kill unless you are full hp. There is a pattern to his attacks so u have to dodge or use Resolute Counterflow to parry
Sword slash is easy, the hard one is the frigging turn invisible shit cuz u can’t see him clearly and to even time the dodge proper u need to estimate how far away is he coming from His rock solid parry has a timing I can’t catch too.. it’s all the rarer movesets that are hard to learn the timing unless u willing to fight bro for 40 rounds in hell
If you want to cheese you go thrust stance and max charge speed. Just stay about 3 rolls away and charge to 3 focus and poke. It'll also cancel 99% of his moves towards you. Only thing it won't cancel is the across the map dash he does with his sword. And dodge when he uses the blood tornado or blood swipe across the map.
Turn into the wolf early, deal as much damage as you can Summon snakes and poison him. That will take a chunk off his health. Wear snake armor and dodge as much as you can. Even if you cannot dodge everything, learn which moves hurt the most and make dodging those a priority. The snake armor give you almost unlimited stamina. The snek armor also gives you regen that can fill your health to half a bar when you are low, so you can tank a lot more over time. The immobilize spell seems to get weaker as the fight goes on so be wary later on Hopefully, you have survived long enough that you can turn into wolf again. Use wolf to finish him off. Also dont forget your damage potions.
版主已移除评论
With the tiger as well try exploring the other side of the area and get the ability a pluck of many and the mana buff to defeat it and deffo the serpent armour
At some point i just tried to focus on learning the attack patterns and time my doges. He can do some crazy damage but the window for doges are pretty big. Im a typical panic roller but once i got the timing right it feels so satisfying
Attack, dodge, panic roll, attack that's how you beat him
He has two combos, one 2-hit and one 4-hit. Always try to dodge at the last moment, because he is always down for a bit after those combos giving you time to land a few hits. Also use the wolf transformation to give yourself more hp. The chest from the serpent armor is enough because it gives you life back. So basically if you are patient and time your dodges it's not as hard.
He's your dodging teacher
If you can get the resolute counterflow to land, it actually negates several of his attacks. Otherwise a immobilize and charged heavy smash attack does a bit of damage.
You need to time the dodges. I found out that Dodge button mashing doesn't work, if you do that you will get hit. Especially when jumps into the air punch the ground.  I also used the sounds as cues for dodging, as some of the animations can sometimes be misleading. Also, keep an eye out for whether he has a sword out or not. Those can give hints on what kind of moves he is going to do.
MONKE SMASH! MONKE STONGKEST THERE IS!
Wait until you meet his brother His brother is waaaaaaaaaaaay easier because at that point we're stronger and overall the tiger 2 is just simply easier.
His brother is waaaaaaaaaaaay easier because at that point we're stronger and overall the tiger 2 is just simply easier.
Go somewhere else on the map, explore, upgrade your gear, and experiment with different skills and spirits. You don't have to beat it straight away. If you're set on beating this boss, use all of your spell arsenal but try chaining it to leave less space for the boss. Use cloud step to dodge some of the attacks, utilize immobilization to build up your focus and transformation to get some breathing room as the HP bar is separate. Learn the moves, the most damaging one is when he dashes and slices with the sword so be ready for that one, it is easily avoidable with cloud step. Also the pillar stance works wonders with this boss, try if it works out for you! Good luck, you can do it :)
Level vigor
版主已移除评论
I found that 'seeing through' his attacks in 'Smash' stance staggers him quite well.
Bosses like this I hate, throwing in random delays on attacks really throw me off because I always tend too dodge reactively
If ur having issues with damage use the big headed wandering dude you got at the beginning as your summon, and he will do better chunks of damage. Smash stance was the easiest to use in his fight because it was fast and once you level it far enough you get Iframes so you can take no damage mid combo if you time it right. The wolf summon dude also does really good damage if you fill his bar, then dodge forward towards the tiger and heavy attack it does good damage. Last of course you need to know when to dodge. He's a king for pausing his attacks even tho he's quick. I usually use my summons in the beginning of the fight because if you're in there long enough you could possibly have them a second time.
版主已移除评论
It's sekiro all over again. Learn to dodge. It's easier then parrying in sekiro by multitudes. Try going in and not getting hit. Ignore your gourd, don't attack, just dodge around him until you get more comfortable.
the word "Slash" gave me PTSD
Use the buffs that are available to you. I suggest tiger subduing pill for an attack buff, and the evil repelling medicine for a defense buff. You can even buff your healthbar a bit with the longevity pill
Any advice to try and tank this boss is bad advice. It's the first real check in the game on your ability to dodge. If you cheese this fight, later fights are going to be much harder.
What I learned over 10+ deaths: There can be wrong directions to dodge. When he's coming at you fast sometimes it's good idea to dodge in the opposite direction, i.e. have him overshoot. Some of his attacks e.g. his bodyslam can change directions mid-swing, so it's important to not dodge too early. Always stay close, his long-range swings are more difficult to dodge. If you have played without locking camera, now's good time to start doing so. He can easily get lost in the viewing field and you might be dodging in the wrong direction when you cannot see him. When his attack is difficult to dodge, invisibility (button 2) can be a good panick save. If you are using the wandering wight as your F key summon, make sure to not waste it until he's stationary. Most of the times he's too mobile for the wight to hit. If you are most comfortable with light+heavy counters, dodge first and only counter the last swing, otherwise you'll be caught by his subsequent swings. You can fight easier critters first and there's a lot to acquire before you have to clear him. However, I think the most useful augment you can get elsewhere in this level is the 60 attack + 30 armor stick. The others - one pluck of many, transforming into stoneman - are not helpful at this point.
Also make sure to only use immobilise because I used cloud step and the fire transformation power and died so much. If you keep your Mana for Immobilise then you’ll have a much better chance at defeating him
I just did it this morning, you CAN DO IT
Damage resistance pill, damage buff pill. It should still take more than couple of times.
Change to Quality mode. So much easier to dodge in 30 fps.
用户已删除评论
Took me memorizing his entire attack patterns and getting good.
How I beat him: Get A Pluck of Many spell first (yes you can get it before beating this boss) Equip the Guangmou spirit (the one that summons poison spitting snakes) In the fight, immbolize him, then summon the clones and use poison snake spirit. This already deleted half of his HP for me. For the rest of the fight, watch out for the delayed attacks that you are not confident to dodge and use cloud step for them. And use the wolf transformation to finish the fight. Optional: get and use wind tamer for some damage negation buff
Over level is the way. Jk go fight the red loong and the black one it should give you some more experience
isshin?
版主已移除评论
Treat him like the Nameless king in Dark Souls 3. Delayed attacks from him = delayed dodges from you
I was in the same boat, absolutely punished, I cleared more of the map and went back, much easier I promise
overleveled myself and got lucky, getting full stam tree helps too
Cloud step for his slash attack or when he disappears. The timing for dodging these isn’t that bad but if you want to be safe cloud step before nah huge combo a boss does
I really like the game, but every Boss just zooming, flying and teleporting though entire arena is getting really tiring.
Use the spell that clones you and upgrade it to extend it and do more damage. Level to 40+ also helps!
i gotta say the sound design in that battle, holy shit.  his punches were actually hurting my damn feelings. they sounded so damn brutal when he hit you.  i hated that fight but man looking back that was a fav so far.  i am stuck and taking a break from another boss currently lol.  but the way that tiger was punching and acting like he hurt his hands was really cool and....hurtful to my soul.
For me it’s a non-negotiable to have one point in each of the stamina tree talents required to get to dodge not interrupting light attack combo. It’s huge to get to the final move in the light attack combo both for stagger, damage, and focus buildup. Plus, the talents make dodging way less stamina taxing and easier to do
I just reset my build made better choices beat him 1st time after struggling for 3 days!
Put your points into clone and immobilize. When. You start the fight summon clones then immobilize.  Walk up to him and use the big head transformation to stance break. Your clones should then do like 1/2 his health.
Cheesed it a bit. Immediately used fire wolf, then slowed down the fight here and there. If you stand far away from him he'll slowly walk towards you, giving time for fire wolf to recharge. For fire wolf I just dodge and heavy attack, ended up using the fire wolf twice in the fight. That along with immobilise and learning his timing finally got me the W
版主已移除评论
Make sure you’re not using your spells all at once, try to conserve some mana for the end half of the right. Make sure you use Tiger Subduing pellets, amplification pellets and I forget the name but the ones that give you moderate damage reduction. Timing dodges are hugely important. Use as much of the games mechanics as possible. You’ll get him eventually, good luck!
Idk if im late but the sword slash dodge the moment you hear him say something when he goes invisible  cloud step a then its just dodging his combos which are slow and after he is done it leaves you opening for heavy attack. If you want it even easier get the stone transformation and tank what you cant dodge imo clones arent worth the mana
Man I’ve been fighting this fucker for over an hour today lol. If it’s the same guy… I was one hit away on my best attempt then instantly regressed lol. I hate delayed attacks so much. And I keep forgetting its not Sekiro so I’m drinking as he hits me lol.
I was stuck on this guy for like a good 2-3 hours yesterday. Im only at level 33. You can do it. Keep at it!
I used cloud walk to charge smash lvl3 and hit him, then paralize his leap and break his stance and last used the big headbut transformation attack. Rest was dodge and heal and a few deaths... more like ten...
I am assuming it tiger acolyte because of the bridge. Start with fire transform. Hit him hard. Gain some distance, use shadow clone, use freeze, use the head slam guy and bam. He should be dead by this point already.
Kong fu panda Tiger?! Can’t wait to meet her, I’m a huge fan
For me it was really just about learning his moveset and perfect dodging his combos there was really no other way around it. Keep a timer in ur head for the sword and fist combos. Potions help a lot too and by this point you should be able to craft a good amount. This was such an epic fight I wish I could redo it.
I found staying as close as possible and constantly trying to get to his back worked well.  Hit him with light combo but stop before finisher.  Dodge back, repeat.
Tiger subduing potion is effective
You'll have to wait and dodge. Basically learn all of his combos. Tiger Vanguard
Honestly I'm seeing a lot of people saying they aren't doing enough damage, when I got to this fight I already had the set after the bronze set which I skipped completely and had the black wind staff which = a lot more defense and a A LOT more damage. Go back to a shrine and look at what you're missing.
Do you have all the abilities unlocked? (Pluck of many, rock solid). If yes, you could explore further to get some levels. But in general the most often issues I've seen are the following: Incorrect build. People invest sparks into transforms and spells, while they are situational, may fail, and are only a short-time effect in a prolonged fight. Also just using sparks for passive stats is not the best idea. The easiest way is to invest into focus points and smash stance, then for the ability "dodge doesn't break light attack combo". That is until you get familiar with other stances peculiarities. Patience. If a boss feels challenging, try to watch it patterns for a few fight. Don't even try to hit. Just watch boss behavior, how attacks work, when does he pause, for how long. Practice dodging those. After 2-3 attempts add a few attacks here and there. If you just go smashing you subconsciously ignore watching enemy move patterns. Greed with combos. Fighting here is quite fast-paced, and it feels natural to burst enemy with a full combo a lot of times. But bosses, don't forgive, and the combos are very long with a high difficulty of breaking out of a combo in time. Understand that dying and restarting a fight takes more time, than not finishing combo and waiting for another enemy opening.
It took me probably 20 attempts but after that many attempts it’s really easy to predict and time his moves. As you go through this process move your sparks around to overpower the moves you use. I really think he will be one of the easier bosses on new game+ cause he’s so predictable
Dodge, the only move i found hard to dodge is the leg sweep
It might’ve been said in here already, but there’s a skill that makes it so dodge doesn’t interrupt your combo. That’s helped me significantly with the lack of damage on bosses.
upgrade your gear and weapon that made the fight way more easier for me.
Yeah farm a bit more I had the same issue but I was missing like 7 boss in that area
Start by charging up then run into his arena to the right as he also goes there everytime. Hit him with a smash, hit him till he starts a move, hit immobilize und use your spirit[snakes for poison] keep hitting once he is out of the immobilize transform into fire dude hit him till you bar is full and use dodge to active the ultimate of your transformation, do that twice. Now he has mostly lost most of his life. Use cloudstep to prolong the fight and charge up for smash while in cloudstep. Your transformation should be up again close to end which you can use to transform again. Most of his moves has sound cues that will tell you when he is about to do something.
Dodge, dodge, resolute counterflow. Rinse and repeat.
Dodge the attacks and hit him with the staff
Dont get baited to dodge too soon. If you master that you will beat him. He tends to ramp up speed once his health goes below 50%
Look closely on his attacks pattern you have to learn how to dodge them i almost died over 10 times until i focused on his moves , stay close to him and follow his attacks you can dodge them easily .. try to immobilize him a lot and use the transformation when you get his half HP bar again stay always close or else he will rip you off
Honestly if you think that guy takes a long time wait till you hit the “deer”
Dodge
Patience!!! .. I use pluck of many and a few boosters to start the match
Hit him until he dies
Mad tiger is so much worse
Pluck of many and dodge
I was the same way the first 20+ times of trying. Ended up doing a lot of baiting and punishing,tried to save spells for when he was more towards half health. I found the best stance was being able to spear him from afar,but that’s just me. You’ll get it though
Rock solid here goes brr my friend. I seen your reply to someone else saying you spent most of your sparks on transformations and you definitely do NOT want to do that from where you're at. You might want to respec into staff stances and martial arts since they can directly boost how much damage your basic attacks and varied combos do. He staggers his attacks alot so I went with the strat of trying to squeeze in a single hit in between his attacks because most times you can get away with one or two hits then pop Rock Solid for an easy deflect and maybe even get him to recoil from it to get in extra hits. Don't forget using your varied combos heavy attack (smash stance to be more specific) gives you a small amount of health back AND can negate damage if you do it right as they are about to hit you/do hit you.
that tiger is the most annoying boss yet for me. the delay in his punches is really annoying🤯
which one?
Pluck of many helps
I find the thrust stance made it way easier since they practically auto hit.   I kept missing my heavies on smash stance.
wait till u find tai lung lmfao
Just Bob and weave
He's hard but doable. Act boss on the other hand... bullshit
Use the glitch 😂
