================================================================================  评论列表:
Please let it be the jade palace. track me 4th sister i’m here for you just hang on!! Is that how many beautiful ladies he had turned into pills? fking let me laugh I’m gonna make him into a buffet of teriyaki chicken THIS! It annoys the hell outta me that the Red chicken just bumps out of nowhere saying he will turn her into a pill and we couldn't just do anything. Well, at that stage we really couldn't do anything... And in Chinese myths gods and immortals could be so petty, so... it fits. Tbf that's just Gods and immortals in general I should note that Chinese divinities are a hell of a lot less malicious than the Mediterranean ones. For example, when all the suns came out at once to play for a while, Hou Yi rose up and slew all but one. The mother of the suns couldn't do anything against him because it was her children who fucked up (broke their social contract) first, and the last Sun had to work overtime... for ever. You may end up eating the pill that was made of 4th sister. That very doom and negative Dang you guys follow these cryptic story beats really well The “Journal” in-game exists for a reason. It kinda helps if you read the novel, journey to the west 😅 Yup, all 2k+ pages of it! The parts I’ve read help a lot, but that book is a commitment, and the two respected full translations in English can be a little… translationish. Brooo that would be such a nice touch to add that HOLY THAT WOULD BE CRAAZZYyyyyyy very likely，I believe that at the end of the true ending animation, it is actually present time.
4th sister i’m here for you just hang on!! Is that how many beautiful ladies he had turned into pills? fking let me laugh I’m gonna make him into a buffet of teriyaki chicken THIS! It annoys the hell outta me that the Red chicken just bumps out of nowhere saying he will turn her into a pill and we couldn't just do anything. Well, at that stage we really couldn't do anything... And in Chinese myths gods and immortals could be so petty, so... it fits. Tbf that's just Gods and immortals in general I should note that Chinese divinities are a hell of a lot less malicious than the Mediterranean ones. For example, when all the suns came out at once to play for a while, Hou Yi rose up and slew all but one. The mother of the suns couldn't do anything against him because it was her children who fucked up (broke their social contract) first, and the last Sun had to work overtime... for ever. You may end up eating the pill that was made of 4th sister. That very doom and negative Dang you guys follow these cryptic story beats really well The “Journal” in-game exists for a reason. It kinda helps if you read the novel, journey to the west 😅 Yup, all 2k+ pages of it! The parts I’ve read help a lot, but that book is a commitment, and the two respected full translations in English can be a little… translationish.
Is that how many beautiful ladies he had turned into pills? fking let me laugh I’m gonna make him into a buffet of teriyaki chicken
Is that how many beautiful ladies he had turned into pills?
fking let me laugh
I’m gonna make him into a buffet of teriyaki chicken
THIS! It annoys the hell outta me that the Red chicken just bumps out of nowhere saying he will turn her into a pill and we couldn't just do anything. Well, at that stage we really couldn't do anything... And in Chinese myths gods and immortals could be so petty, so... it fits. Tbf that's just Gods and immortals in general I should note that Chinese divinities are a hell of a lot less malicious than the Mediterranean ones. For example, when all the suns came out at once to play for a while, Hou Yi rose up and slew all but one. The mother of the suns couldn't do anything against him because it was her children who fucked up (broke their social contract) first, and the last Sun had to work overtime... for ever.
Well, at that stage we really couldn't do anything... And in Chinese myths gods and immortals could be so petty, so... it fits. Tbf that's just Gods and immortals in general I should note that Chinese divinities are a hell of a lot less malicious than the Mediterranean ones. For example, when all the suns came out at once to play for a while, Hou Yi rose up and slew all but one. The mother of the suns couldn't do anything against him because it was her children who fucked up (broke their social contract) first, and the last Sun had to work overtime... for ever.
Tbf that's just Gods and immortals in general I should note that Chinese divinities are a hell of a lot less malicious than the Mediterranean ones. For example, when all the suns came out at once to play for a while, Hou Yi rose up and slew all but one. The mother of the suns couldn't do anything against him because it was her children who fucked up (broke their social contract) first, and the last Sun had to work overtime... for ever.
I should note that Chinese divinities are a hell of a lot less malicious than the Mediterranean ones. For example, when all the suns came out at once to play for a while, Hou Yi rose up and slew all but one. The mother of the suns couldn't do anything against him because it was her children who fucked up (broke their social contract) first, and the last Sun had to work overtime... for ever.
You may end up eating the pill that was made of 4th sister. That very doom and negative
That very doom and negative
Dang you guys follow these cryptic story beats really well The “Journal” in-game exists for a reason. It kinda helps if you read the novel, journey to the west 😅 Yup, all 2k+ pages of it! The parts I’ve read help a lot, but that book is a commitment, and the two respected full translations in English can be a little… translationish.
The “Journal” in-game exists for a reason.
It kinda helps if you read the novel, journey to the west 😅 Yup, all 2k+ pages of it! The parts I’ve read help a lot, but that book is a commitment, and the two respected full translations in English can be a little… translationish.
Yup, all 2k+ pages of it! The parts I’ve read help a lot, but that book is a commitment, and the two respected full translations in English can be a little… translationish.
Brooo that would be such a nice touch to add that
HOLY THAT WOULD BE CRAAZZYyyyyyy
very likely，I believe that at the end of the true ending animation, it is actually present time.
Please take my money!!! You mean please take my monkey!! No... DON'T take my monke, give me MORE monke I'm thinking about upgrading to the deluxe edition The only thing that it might be worth for is the soundtrack you get with it but not the items. Soundtrack you might be able to buy it somewhere else though aswell Not worth it the items are ass OST is worth ,for me Sir ass is always worth it unless it's gay then I refuse ALLL OF IT!!!
You mean please take my monkey!! No... DON'T take my monke, give me MORE monke
No... DON'T take my monke, give me MORE monke
I'm thinking about upgrading to the deluxe edition The only thing that it might be worth for is the soundtrack you get with it but not the items. Soundtrack you might be able to buy it somewhere else though aswell Not worth it the items are ass OST is worth ,for me Sir ass is always worth it unless it's gay then I refuse
The only thing that it might be worth for is the soundtrack you get with it but not the items. Soundtrack you might be able to buy it somewhere else though aswell
Not worth it the items are ass OST is worth ,for me Sir ass is always worth it unless it's gay then I refuse
OST is worth ,for me
Sir ass is always worth it unless it's gay then I refuse
ALLL OF IT!!!
They don't need to spend a single marketing dollar. It's a first day buy!
If it doesn't include Pingping we riot. And 4th sister Like you need to 1 shot the crane guy or you'll end up saving a pill. That fight pissed me off. I summoned all my bros, had a full charged heavy attack. We all hit it in unison. It's health bar melted. Straight into a cutscene where suddenly I'm getting my ass kicked. Yeah some revenge is wanted. Spoiler for ch. 6 You'll get it. Your first fight in ch. 6 is a rematch with the Inspector. The theory being thrown around is that crane guy is actually a secret good guy, if he didn't intervene and be like "I'll take it from here" things would've truly gone fucked. It'd be a cool storyline if Wukong goes up there and reunites with all the secret allies. Yes there is a lot of room for imagination. It is possible the crane guy kidnapped 4th to simply making sure the destined one will visit Lao Zi's palace in heaven (where pills are made), and might have planned something for him there, good or bad. Also he mentioned about "next life" as he did not expect the destined one to succeed in removing the golden band (true ending).  Would be interesting to see what happens next. From other speculation, the crane guy is most likely Lao Zi himself, who is technically ranked above the Jade Emperor and Queen of Kunlun, but has handed power over to the two. He is pretending to be a random senior celestial for convenience. In that case it's hard to tell what plan he has, could be one of the final boss. But if you consume the pill, she will always be a part of you!
And 4th sister Like you need to 1 shot the crane guy or you'll end up saving a pill. That fight pissed me off. I summoned all my bros, had a full charged heavy attack. We all hit it in unison. It's health bar melted. Straight into a cutscene where suddenly I'm getting my ass kicked. Yeah some revenge is wanted. Spoiler for ch. 6 You'll get it. Your first fight in ch. 6 is a rematch with the Inspector. The theory being thrown around is that crane guy is actually a secret good guy, if he didn't intervene and be like "I'll take it from here" things would've truly gone fucked. It'd be a cool storyline if Wukong goes up there and reunites with all the secret allies. Yes there is a lot of room for imagination. It is possible the crane guy kidnapped 4th to simply making sure the destined one will visit Lao Zi's palace in heaven (where pills are made), and might have planned something for him there, good or bad. Also he mentioned about "next life" as he did not expect the destined one to succeed in removing the golden band (true ending).  Would be interesting to see what happens next. From other speculation, the crane guy is most likely Lao Zi himself, who is technically ranked above the Jade Emperor and Queen of Kunlun, but has handed power over to the two. He is pretending to be a random senior celestial for convenience. In that case it's hard to tell what plan he has, could be one of the final boss. But if you consume the pill, she will always be a part of you!
Like you need to 1 shot the crane guy or you'll end up saving a pill. That fight pissed me off. I summoned all my bros, had a full charged heavy attack. We all hit it in unison. It's health bar melted. Straight into a cutscene where suddenly I'm getting my ass kicked. Yeah some revenge is wanted. Spoiler for ch. 6 You'll get it. Your first fight in ch. 6 is a rematch with the Inspector. The theory being thrown around is that crane guy is actually a secret good guy, if he didn't intervene and be like "I'll take it from here" things would've truly gone fucked. It'd be a cool storyline if Wukong goes up there and reunites with all the secret allies. Yes there is a lot of room for imagination. It is possible the crane guy kidnapped 4th to simply making sure the destined one will visit Lao Zi's palace in heaven (where pills are made), and might have planned something for him there, good or bad. Also he mentioned about "next life" as he did not expect the destined one to succeed in removing the golden band (true ending).  Would be interesting to see what happens next. From other speculation, the crane guy is most likely Lao Zi himself, who is technically ranked above the Jade Emperor and Queen of Kunlun, but has handed power over to the two. He is pretending to be a random senior celestial for convenience. In that case it's hard to tell what plan he has, could be one of the final boss. But if you consume the pill, she will always be a part of you!
That fight pissed me off. I summoned all my bros, had a full charged heavy attack. We all hit it in unison. It's health bar melted. Straight into a cutscene where suddenly I'm getting my ass kicked. Yeah some revenge is wanted. Spoiler for ch. 6 You'll get it. Your first fight in ch. 6 is a rematch with the Inspector.
Spoiler for ch. 6 You'll get it. Your first fight in ch. 6 is a rematch with the Inspector.
The theory being thrown around is that crane guy is actually a secret good guy, if he didn't intervene and be like "I'll take it from here" things would've truly gone fucked. It'd be a cool storyline if Wukong goes up there and reunites with all the secret allies. Yes there is a lot of room for imagination. It is possible the crane guy kidnapped 4th to simply making sure the destined one will visit Lao Zi's palace in heaven (where pills are made), and might have planned something for him there, good or bad. Also he mentioned about "next life" as he did not expect the destined one to succeed in removing the golden band (true ending).  Would be interesting to see what happens next. From other speculation, the crane guy is most likely Lao Zi himself, who is technically ranked above the Jade Emperor and Queen of Kunlun, but has handed power over to the two. He is pretending to be a random senior celestial for convenience. In that case it's hard to tell what plan he has, could be one of the final boss.
Yes there is a lot of room for imagination. It is possible the crane guy kidnapped 4th to simply making sure the destined one will visit Lao Zi's palace in heaven (where pills are made), and might have planned something for him there, good or bad. Also he mentioned about "next life" as he did not expect the destined one to succeed in removing the golden band (true ending).  Would be interesting to see what happens next. From other speculation, the crane guy is most likely Lao Zi himself, who is technically ranked above the Jade Emperor and Queen of Kunlun, but has handed power over to the two. He is pretending to be a random senior celestial for convenience. In that case it's hard to tell what plan he has, could be one of the final boss.
But if you consume the pill, she will always be a part of you!
we fighting sea court and heavenly court ? Don't forget Women Kingdom. Sea court no brainer
Don't forget Women Kingdom.
Sea court no brainer
It would be fun Wdym it would ? It's gonna BE FUN The heavy emphasis shouldve been on gonna Yeah lol, was thinking the same
Wdym it would ? It's gonna BE FUN The heavy emphasis shouldve been on gonna Yeah lol, was thinking the same
The heavy emphasis shouldve been on gonna Yeah lol, was thinking the same
Yeah lol, was thinking the same
As much money as they made this is not shocking. It’s a preorder for me! No question! 用户已删除评论 I have no idea, hopefully not  too long The games been out less than a month lol, they are simply confirming what everyone was hoping for. Don't expect it this year or anything Wouldn’t it be great if they had the other 7 chapter almost ready and we don’t have long to wait. They've definitely got some cut content to use as the foundations so it's not going to take forever, I'm just predicting close to a year. I'll happily be featured on r/agedlikemilk if I'm wrong though lol You mean hopefully not too loong
用户已删除评论 I have no idea, hopefully not  too long The games been out less than a month lol, they are simply confirming what everyone was hoping for. Don't expect it this year or anything Wouldn’t it be great if they had the other 7 chapter almost ready and we don’t have long to wait. They've definitely got some cut content to use as the foundations so it's not going to take forever, I'm just predicting close to a year. I'll happily be featured on r/agedlikemilk if I'm wrong though lol You mean hopefully not too loong
I have no idea, hopefully not  too long The games been out less than a month lol, they are simply confirming what everyone was hoping for. Don't expect it this year or anything Wouldn’t it be great if they had the other 7 chapter almost ready and we don’t have long to wait. They've definitely got some cut content to use as the foundations so it's not going to take forever, I'm just predicting close to a year. I'll happily be featured on r/agedlikemilk if I'm wrong though lol You mean hopefully not too loong
The games been out less than a month lol, they are simply confirming what everyone was hoping for. Don't expect it this year or anything Wouldn’t it be great if they had the other 7 chapter almost ready and we don’t have long to wait. They've definitely got some cut content to use as the foundations so it's not going to take forever, I'm just predicting close to a year. I'll happily be featured on r/agedlikemilk if I'm wrong though lol
Wouldn’t it be great if they had the other 7 chapter almost ready and we don’t have long to wait. They've definitely got some cut content to use as the foundations so it's not going to take forever, I'm just predicting close to a year. I'll happily be featured on r/agedlikemilk if I'm wrong though lol
They've definitely got some cut content to use as the foundations so it's not going to take forever, I'm just predicting close to a year. I'll happily be featured on r/agedlikemilk if I'm wrong though lol
You mean hopefully not too loong
I hope we see more of Guanyin and Nezha
Take my money
Respectfully, shut up and take my damn money!
Love how IGN milking the shit out of BMW despite trying to smudge it. Dude...stop its 1 person who reviewed the game. IGN isn't anti wukong its a fucking media conglomerate
Dude...stop its 1 person who reviewed the game. IGN isn't anti wukong its a fucking media conglomerate
I just finished the game yesterday, and all I can say is give me more!
Hopefully I can beat the game by the time it comes out…
Yessss!!!
New stance please
IGN in shambles
Jade Palace, Celestial Court, rescuing Spider Waifu 4th Sister, please!
Nah...ign can fly a kite as much as they try dragging the game down
I would be satisfied with just a different light attack chain for each of the 5 stances (smash, pole, spear, spear stance from mythical weapon, wukong).
I NEED TO MEET MY BOY TRIPOTAKA I'm curious about Sha Wujing myself
I'm curious about Sha Wujing myself
We WILL free our 4th sister from her prison!
Ironic that IGN posting this news
Excited, but not suprised. Would definetly be missed oppertunity.
FUCK YEAH!!!!!
Just take my routing number so I could make direct payments!
Well that was quick Selling 10s of millions of copies in like 2 and a half weeks will do that to a game They drafted 13 chapters, gave up on 7 due to lack of time I feel like some of them were consolidated into one. Like chapter 3 feels like 3 mini chapters In the first three chapters of the game, you can see that game science is ambitious, but the lack of manpower has reduced the content of the later chapters 用户已删除评论 Yeah, they planned on 13 chapters, and it got cut down. The content of those extra chapters can now be added. They are sitting on a gold mine.  You need to mine the gold ASAP before interest starts to fade(which in time it will). I get you. I just say there's no game doing what this games doing nor can fill in its spot
Selling 10s of millions of copies in like 2 and a half weeks will do that to a game
They drafted 13 chapters, gave up on 7 due to lack of time I feel like some of them were consolidated into one. Like chapter 3 feels like 3 mini chapters In the first three chapters of the game, you can see that game science is ambitious, but the lack of manpower has reduced the content of the later chapters
I feel like some of them were consolidated into one. Like chapter 3 feels like 3 mini chapters In the first three chapters of the game, you can see that game science is ambitious, but the lack of manpower has reduced the content of the later chapters
In the first three chapters of the game, you can see that game science is ambitious, but the lack of manpower has reduced the content of the later chapters
用户已删除评论 Yeah, they planned on 13 chapters, and it got cut down. The content of those extra chapters can now be added.
Yeah, they planned on 13 chapters, and it got cut down. The content of those extra chapters can now be added.
They are sitting on a gold mine.  You need to mine the gold ASAP before interest starts to fade(which in time it will). I get you. I just say there's no game doing what this games doing nor can fill in its spot
I get you. I just say there's no game doing what this games doing nor can fill in its spot
Hell yeah
Wonder if we’ll get chapter 4 end animation quality again.
Fuck yeah and fuck IGN by default
Guys hold on im still on chapter 3 😭 No worry, by the time DLC releases you would be NG+2 already.
No worry, by the time DLC releases you would be NG+2 already.
Hopefully they make the wukong stance a permanent stance to use for those who beat new game + three times and doing the the secret ending It would make sense to smash heaven palace with Wu Kong stance, lore accurate lol
It would make sense to smash heaven palace with Wu Kong stance, lore accurate lol
Let's go!!
Let's get
7 more chapters. Let’s fucking go!!!
A prequel would be fantastic. I wanna see how Sun Wukong became the monkey king. Try a journey to the West
Try a journey to the West
hope we get more of those bangers from the headless lute player
spoiler below in my opinion, it'll take place immediately after the true ending and the first boss will be the old monkey. in my opinion that monkey HAS to be Guanyin, she's been known to transform into other figures in order to control Wukong. We won't kill her but she'll be the main antagonist. I don’t think so. Unlike other characters, Guanyin is a deity who is widely worshipped, no way Game Science is gonna risk making her the bad guy. That’d be like turning Jesus into a villain in a game. yeah, no way China makes Guanyin a villain. She's more revered and kind-hearted than Jesus.
I don’t think so. Unlike other characters, Guanyin is a deity who is widely worshipped, no way Game Science is gonna risk making her the bad guy. That’d be like turning Jesus into a villain in a game.
yeah, no way China makes Guanyin a villain. She's more revered and kind-hearted than Jesus.
大闹天宫prequel pls
Can we fight Na Zha please
Where is Sandy?!?!
Thats good because I haven’t even finished the game yet and I want to finish it at leeeeast one more….hopefully with unified minds…looking forward to that.
I just want to see some steamy sex. That Bajie's animation, it is as steamy as you are going to get.  Boar vs spider sex.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Life_Bridge_9960 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-06T03:41:18.143000+0000 内容: That Bajie's animation, it is as steamy as you are going to get.  Boar vs spider sex.
Nezha rematch I can't wait to.  Nezha is probably the most egoistic among them all.
I can't wait to.  Nezha is probably the most egoistic among them all.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Ok-Cut-8518 点赞: 3 时间: 2024-09-06T00:08:51.737000+0000 内容: Haven’t even gotten out of chapter 3 yet and I’m already amped for the dlc. I haven’t played stellar blade yet but but from what I’ve played wukong is up there with rebirth.
Im not saying i want it, but you think they can go wrong with a lil open world? The hidden boss fights and exploration-ish aspect are already quite fun, think they could drop a little masterpiece allowing you to go wherever you want. Either way i enjoyed the base game alot and im excited asl for the dlc. They won’t make the dlc open world. But we can hope the sequel is. I’d cream my pants if it were. Wait that’s not physically possible but I would if it were.
They won’t make the dlc open world. But we can hope the sequel is. I’d cream my pants if it were. Wait that’s not physically possible but I would if it were.
Yaaaaaas
GG
I feel we will get it sooner than expected as I heard they were planning 12 chapters But released 6 because of the cost. I feel they prob have content ready to polish and if u check their reveal trailer you will see a lot of things have changed and are not part of the base game
FUUUUCKK YESSSSSS BRING IT ON 🔥
大闹天宫
And y’all asked why I’m waiting on new releases…. Okay imma go play Hitman for another 3 months
I wanna see what the jade emperor looks like
Can they make a physical copy expansion?
Damn already? I ain't complaining tho the game is top tier def goty 2024 imo (personally I would choose it)
I hope it either has difficulty options or isn’t too hard like Erlang was, that boss made the game go from enjoyably difficult to not fun and just frustrating….although I eventually beat it. I don’t have anything to prove to anyone about skill I just want to enjoy the game.
DLC!?!? I still can’t beat the tiger ninja!
Yay fourth stance
I'm just sitting here with my Xbox playing wolong being all yo sad
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: EfficiencyNo3388 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-05T17:41:08.768000+0000 内容: YESSSSS
😁😁😁
Yaaaaaas!!
Sha Zheng story soon?
Let’s go!!!!!!
FUCK YESSSSSSSS
Would also be nice if they start making Nezha either part of Wu Kong or on his own game :)
Another IGN bs? Or real!!!!
版主已移除评论
please be a dating simulator for Piggy and Spider lady, please !!!!
Please add bai gui zhing plssss
YES!!
Awesome!
Is there gonna be a disk version ever?
I'm really hoping we'll get to see the jade palace and the celestial court. The art direction of this game is amazing so I would love to see how the upper realm looks.
Hell yeahhh
We have saing Kuj żelazo póki gorące. “strike while the iron is hot” means performing some action when circumstances are favorable and at the same time make the given work easier for us.
yaaaasssss
I WANNA FIGHT NEZHA!
Physical copy when? :S
I already put in my PTO time for this😂😂
Lion Camel Ridge for sure
I NEED to see Nezha
If this is true then I'm VERY excited.
YESSSSSSS MORE BEAUTIFUL ANIMATION
Nice love the game.
guys pls i need help..i buy wukong and the game every 8 second freeze for 2/4 second, i dont knew what to do, i literally try to set all on low but this problem persist, im not a genius in this stuff pls dont flame, i want to enjoy this amazing game i have an gpu 2060 cpu i5 10400f 16gb ram
Yes. Yes! YEEEEEES!
LFG!!!!
Yeah!
Maybe he gets his voice back?
版主已移除评论
How are they doing this ALREADY!
Still no word on a physical release
Well I quite like the game, what I did not like is the suboptimized ps5 version, I can forgive the visuals but for a game like this input lag kills it and the devs haven't really said anything about it, till then I'll sit it out and finish what's in front of me
Yesssssssss 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
God I can’t wait for this please don’t take too long I can’t wait for more. What does everyone think it will be I’d love to have some opinions from everyone on this
Oooo
I'd pay $699.99, or even $6999.99 just for a chance to save 4th Sistser!
https://youtu.be/93K5FuD4gh4 I finally beat Shen Erlang & got a true secret Ending . Feels like an achievement .
Where are we going?
I'm crossing my fingers for my boy Sha Wujing making an appearance!!
WHAT!!!!??🥲🥲🥲🥲
This shit is gonna come out before I manage to beat the game lol
🔥🔥🔥💪🏾
Hopefully they'll set it after the events of the main story, so that he'll be able to talk.
Hopefully they'll set it after the events of the main story, so that he'll be able to talk.
