================================================================================  评论列表:
track me The Jade Emperor put them there to stop the Destined One. "Damn, why didn't I do this to the first monkey?" nice
The Jade Emperor put them there to stop the Destined One. "Damn, why didn't I do this to the first monkey?"
"Damn, why didn't I do this to the first monkey?"
nice
Sir you don’t have the right Why is it always wall Ooo you don’t have the right Invisible wall ahead Try finger but wall Be wary of wall Death Ahead
Why is it always wall
Ooo you don’t have the right
Invisible wall ahead
Try finger but wall
Be wary of wall Death Ahead
Death Ahead
It’s not the invisible walls that are a problem… every game has them… the problem is that they do a terrible job of hiding them. Like… at least put some kind of environmental object there like a rock or a bush or something to cover the invisible walls. This is what I’m talking about , instead of just being an invisible wall actually put an an environmental object there instead like a giant tree, boulders/rocks. I’ll even go for a magic mana energy wall with a shine/glisten to it that lets you know you can’t to any further. It's the fact that they make it LOOK traversible only to slap you invisibly across the face. I agree with a boulder, or like, more trees. Magic mana is the fix. This game has a lot of early 2000s nostalgic features, this one is one of the worst ones. Man, I didn’t even connect it to how those games were, you’re right! And I don’t miss those games at all. some of the dev’s decisions are real head scratchers. they seem super weird because the rest of the game is so modern. Hiding the invisible is next level irony It gives a visual cue to the player. In a game where you are punished that much for not exploring, I wished I had some visual cue to help me know where I can and cannot go instead of letting me waste my time walking all the way down a path only to be met with an invisible wall.
This is what I’m talking about , instead of just being an invisible wall actually put an an environmental object there instead like a giant tree, boulders/rocks. I’ll even go for a magic mana energy wall with a shine/glisten to it that lets you know you can’t to any further. It's the fact that they make it LOOK traversible only to slap you invisibly across the face. I agree with a boulder, or like, more trees. Magic mana is the fix.
It's the fact that they make it LOOK traversible only to slap you invisibly across the face. I agree with a boulder, or like, more trees.
Magic mana is the fix.
This game has a lot of early 2000s nostalgic features, this one is one of the worst ones. Man, I didn’t even connect it to how those games were, you’re right! And I don’t miss those games at all. some of the dev’s decisions are real head scratchers. they seem super weird because the rest of the game is so modern.
Man, I didn’t even connect it to how those games were, you’re right! And I don’t miss those games at all.
some of the dev’s decisions are real head scratchers. they seem super weird because the rest of the game is so modern.
Hiding the invisible is next level irony It gives a visual cue to the player. In a game where you are punished that much for not exploring, I wished I had some visual cue to help me know where I can and cannot go instead of letting me waste my time walking all the way down a path only to be met with an invisible wall.
It gives a visual cue to the player. In a game where you are punished that much for not exploring, I wished I had some visual cue to help me know where I can and cannot go instead of letting me waste my time walking all the way down a path only to be met with an invisible wall.
An annoyance, but not a deal breaker. I played many games prior to this one with invisible walls, I think older gamers mind less than newer ones where it hasn’t been used as much. Last time I saw this many invisible walls was Dynasty Warriors. Nier Automata for me.  Another game I’d consider a 10/10 despite flaws like invisible walls. Mario 64 is the Lord of invisible walls followed by Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. The real issue is newer generations aren't accustomed to invisible walls. The real question if "did that stop you from playing though?" no. Because all those Dynasty Warriors games were bangers. I'm an older gamer and it frustrates me. It also disincentivizes exploration. But when do explore you find amazing things Maybe they bothered me a bit at first, but by the end I couldn't care less about them. Especially once you get past Chapter 1. With more paths available, this doesn't feel as restrictive as it once did. Yeah, this game is not technically perfect, but the overwhelming positive feeling I get from the flow of gameplay and storytelling really makes me overlook these things which in a different game might drive me crazy. It's almost like this is what gamers really want. A true back to basics action story driven game where you can just wail on some fuckers. But fair. Gotta put you in your place sometimes. It's a meme now, but obligatory "fuck you Wandering Wight". He humbled me very quickly. Agree! It is annoying. Im quite surprised that I already encountered it in the first section and how prevalent it was.  It hasnt stopped me from playing though. It just made exploration less enjoyable
I played many games prior to this one with invisible walls, I think older gamers mind less than newer ones where it hasn’t been used as much. Last time I saw this many invisible walls was Dynasty Warriors. Nier Automata for me.  Another game I’d consider a 10/10 despite flaws like invisible walls. Mario 64 is the Lord of invisible walls followed by Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. The real issue is newer generations aren't accustomed to invisible walls. The real question if "did that stop you from playing though?" no. Because all those Dynasty Warriors games were bangers. I'm an older gamer and it frustrates me. It also disincentivizes exploration. But when do explore you find amazing things
Last time I saw this many invisible walls was Dynasty Warriors. Nier Automata for me.  Another game I’d consider a 10/10 despite flaws like invisible walls. Mario 64 is the Lord of invisible walls followed by Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. The real issue is newer generations aren't accustomed to invisible walls. The real question if "did that stop you from playing though?" no. Because all those Dynasty Warriors games were bangers.
Nier Automata for me.  Another game I’d consider a 10/10 despite flaws like invisible walls. Mario 64 is the Lord of invisible walls followed by Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. The real issue is newer generations aren't accustomed to invisible walls.
Mario 64 is the Lord of invisible walls followed by Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. The real issue is newer generations aren't accustomed to invisible walls.
The real question if "did that stop you from playing though?" no. Because all those Dynasty Warriors games were bangers.
I'm an older gamer and it frustrates me. It also disincentivizes exploration. But when do explore you find amazing things
But when do explore you find amazing things
Maybe they bothered me a bit at first, but by the end I couldn't care less about them. Especially once you get past Chapter 1. With more paths available, this doesn't feel as restrictive as it once did.
Especially once you get past Chapter 1. With more paths available, this doesn't feel as restrictive as it once did.
Yeah, this game is not technically perfect, but the overwhelming positive feeling I get from the flow of gameplay and storytelling really makes me overlook these things which in a different game might drive me crazy. It's almost like this is what gamers really want. A true back to basics action story driven game where you can just wail on some fuckers. But fair. Gotta put you in your place sometimes. It's a meme now, but obligatory "fuck you Wandering Wight". He humbled me very quickly.
It's almost like this is what gamers really want. A true back to basics action story driven game where you can just wail on some fuckers. But fair. Gotta put you in your place sometimes. It's a meme now, but obligatory "fuck you Wandering Wight". He humbled me very quickly.
Agree! It is annoying. Im quite surprised that I already encountered it in the first section and how prevalent it was.  It hasnt stopped me from playing though. It just made exploration less enjoyable
I will say this: When this is the worst problem in a game, it may not be the worst thing as everything else are Ws. However, this is as big as this minor problem can get in a game like this. What makes it so bad is the inconsistency. Most of the time: inexplicable invisible walls. Most of the time: invisible walls on cliff edges. Sometimes: fall to your death from a cliff edge. And there is absolutely no way to distinguish which one it will be.  That is simply extremely poor level/environment design, without a doubt. Yeah, my issue with this is making sure I’m not overlooking a route. I’ve found myself running towards all kinds of cliffs and wide openings because it’s hard to tell what is part of the map and what is blocked by a barrier I don’t know how far you are into it, but there was a specific chapter that introduced falling off a cliff (without much warning), and then the next chapter they introduced places where you’re supposed to fall/jump off, and I wish those two things were introduced in reverse order. I’m on chapter 3 and it’s infuriating so far.  Not only have the invisible walls (which the game fully accustomed you to) now completely vanished, but the enemies love to hit so hard they knock you off the edge to your death. The random times it WASN'T an invisible wall made me super happy to be able to access absolutely nowhere lol. Like I started drawing the line at "ok, if I can get past this wall, BUT I get stuck, THEN I have a problem with this". Otherwise the vast openess of each area made me glad for the walls as it stopped me from pointlessly going in a nowhere direction while trying to figure out the secondary paths (avoiding the main route when possible) This is not the worst. The worst is when it happens in boss fights, where they stay behind a wall and you can’t reach them.
What makes it so bad is the inconsistency. Most of the time: inexplicable invisible walls. Most of the time: invisible walls on cliff edges. Sometimes: fall to your death from a cliff edge. And there is absolutely no way to distinguish which one it will be.  That is simply extremely poor level/environment design, without a doubt. Yeah, my issue with this is making sure I’m not overlooking a route. I’ve found myself running towards all kinds of cliffs and wide openings because it’s hard to tell what is part of the map and what is blocked by a barrier I don’t know how far you are into it, but there was a specific chapter that introduced falling off a cliff (without much warning), and then the next chapter they introduced places where you’re supposed to fall/jump off, and I wish those two things were introduced in reverse order. I’m on chapter 3 and it’s infuriating so far.  Not only have the invisible walls (which the game fully accustomed you to) now completely vanished, but the enemies love to hit so hard they knock you off the edge to your death. The random times it WASN'T an invisible wall made me super happy to be able to access absolutely nowhere lol. Like I started drawing the line at "ok, if I can get past this wall, BUT I get stuck, THEN I have a problem with this". Otherwise the vast openess of each area made me glad for the walls as it stopped me from pointlessly going in a nowhere direction while trying to figure out the secondary paths (avoiding the main route when possible)
Yeah, my issue with this is making sure I’m not overlooking a route. I’ve found myself running towards all kinds of cliffs and wide openings because it’s hard to tell what is part of the map and what is blocked by a barrier
I don’t know how far you are into it, but there was a specific chapter that introduced falling off a cliff (without much warning), and then the next chapter they introduced places where you’re supposed to fall/jump off, and I wish those two things were introduced in reverse order. I’m on chapter 3 and it’s infuriating so far.  Not only have the invisible walls (which the game fully accustomed you to) now completely vanished, but the enemies love to hit so hard they knock you off the edge to your death.
I’m on chapter 3 and it’s infuriating so far.  Not only have the invisible walls (which the game fully accustomed you to) now completely vanished, but the enemies love to hit so hard they knock you off the edge to your death.
The random times it WASN'T an invisible wall made me super happy to be able to access absolutely nowhere lol. Like I started drawing the line at "ok, if I can get past this wall, BUT I get stuck, THEN I have a problem with this". Otherwise the vast openess of each area made me glad for the walls as it stopped me from pointlessly going in a nowhere direction while trying to figure out the secondary paths (avoiding the main route when possible)
This is not the worst. The worst is when it happens in boss fights, where they stay behind a wall and you can’t reach them.
Hopefully they will patch in some basic terrain now that they've sold 15 million units. I just finished chapter 3 and I think for the most part it's incredible. There are just little things like this that suggest they focused their polish on the main path and some of the side details simply weren't finished.
And also I wish it had a map I circle around the same place 5 times to realize it was my 6th time there
There are better ways to create vast landscapes and prevent players from accessing them then placing an invisible wall in the middle of nothing (especially in 2024). This also causes you to second guess areas moving forward with what can be accessed and what can't be. Not a deal breaker for me, but it's one of my nit picks for sure.
It's frustrating, but goddammit is the rest of the game worth a few invisible walls.
The one window in Pagoda Realm where if you walk up to it, you literally auto-launch to your death LOL bruhh that level was hell just cause of that window and the stupid ass bats always tryna knock me off the edge. the infrared light statue didn’t frustrate me as much as them. loving this game tho, invisible walls and all
bruhh that level was hell just cause of that window and the stupid ass bats always tryna knock me off the edge. the infrared light statue didn’t frustrate me as much as them. loving this game tho, invisible walls and all
It’s the worst and biggest most common issue that is everywhere in the game. The worst part is that some areas actually are real so you need to check
The team did a great job with the details. But their lack of game design experience is showing here Especially level design. Level design is a visual language and is meant to inform the player of what is interactable, or passable, and what isn't. When I first played Shadow of the Erdtree, I would look off in the distance (most notably off cliffs, down to other areas) and I would think, "no way can we get down there, the map can't be that big". But when I looked closer at the features, I could tell they were paths and/or traversable obstacles and knew that it must be a part of the map I can access. That's visual design language where a player can see something and to infer its importance to the game just from the visual alone.
Especially level design. Level design is a visual language and is meant to inform the player of what is interactable, or passable, and what isn't. When I first played Shadow of the Erdtree, I would look off in the distance (most notably off cliffs, down to other areas) and I would think, "no way can we get down there, the map can't be that big". But when I looked closer at the features, I could tell they were paths and/or traversable obstacles and knew that it must be a part of the map I can access. That's visual design language where a player can see something and to infer its importance to the game just from the visual alone.
用户已删除评论 Why do you think this is the criticism? That people want a bigger level to explore? Its not that. Its that in most games, they design the level so that invisible walls like this are not necessary. The fact that there's invisible walls in these clips at all means the level designers knew that people were gonna think there was more level that way. Nobody is complaining about the size of the levels, they're saying that the devs should have put more effort into the design of the environments because invisible walls like this are lazy design. That's such a poor excuse, it has nothing to do with needing it to be open world. The most comparable games, God of War and Dark Souls are both linear in a similar way and neither have these issues because the levels are very well designed. There’s no issue with the game being linear. However, even within this linear context, the exploration falls short when compared to other major titles in the industry (one positive aspect is the variety of enemies, though most are easily beaten). Additionally, there’s the matter of invisible walls. It’s perfectly acceptable for games to have invisible walls. But the ones in this game are particularly bad—they’re counterintuitive and clash with the game’s otherwise stunning visuals. Even so, the game remains fantastic. Their next title is bound to be exceptional. It's especially worse when there is no map. At least with a map I know where the boundaries are and do not have to skirt the entire edge of the map to see where the wall are. Not sure why you are being downvoted... I agree.. 9.9/10 game for me.. there are moments where the walls did break my immersion and this is probably the only problem I have with it. Had a truly amazing time playing this game
Why do you think this is the criticism? That people want a bigger level to explore? Its not that. Its that in most games, they design the level so that invisible walls like this are not necessary. The fact that there's invisible walls in these clips at all means the level designers knew that people were gonna think there was more level that way. Nobody is complaining about the size of the levels, they're saying that the devs should have put more effort into the design of the environments because invisible walls like this are lazy design.
That's such a poor excuse, it has nothing to do with needing it to be open world. The most comparable games, God of War and Dark Souls are both linear in a similar way and neither have these issues because the levels are very well designed.
There’s no issue with the game being linear. However, even within this linear context, the exploration falls short when compared to other major titles in the industry (one positive aspect is the variety of enemies, though most are easily beaten). Additionally, there’s the matter of invisible walls. It’s perfectly acceptable for games to have invisible walls. But the ones in this game are particularly bad—they’re counterintuitive and clash with the game’s otherwise stunning visuals. Even so, the game remains fantastic. Their next title is bound to be exceptional. It's especially worse when there is no map. At least with a map I know where the boundaries are and do not have to skirt the entire edge of the map to see where the wall are. Not sure why you are being downvoted... I agree.. 9.9/10 game for me.. there are moments where the walls did break my immersion and this is probably the only problem I have with it. Had a truly amazing time playing this game
It's especially worse when there is no map. At least with a map I know where the boundaries are and do not have to skirt the entire edge of the map to see where the wall are.
Not sure why you are being downvoted... I agree.. 9.9/10 game for me.. there are moments where the walls did break my immersion and this is probably the only problem I have with it. Had a truly amazing time playing this game
Worst part is so many of the unexplorable areas look just like other explorable areas
I also don't understand why the game doesn't have combos in it.
Im glad people are talking about the invisible walls, because if thats the most talked about downside to a game it speaks volumes about how good the game is
Must be the newer generations who don’t like this, I’m born in 1990 and this doesn’t bother me one bit. Invisblewallaphobia I think it’s called I was born in 90 and this is my biggest gripe with this game. I think it is more about how this game is extremely highly praised and then when I play it I encounter this lazy ass design and wonder why they didn't just try a little harder on this front. Born in 88 (young man lol), it's poor design. Games back in the day didn't have the kind of exploration this game does, so you kind of already knew you couldn't cross the invisible wall. Also, games are supposed to improve upon wonky former design flaws. This isn't an old-school feature brought back for nostalgia. It's poor design, and despite the game being really good, it's OK to criticise it. Depends what/how you play the game. If you want to enjoy every crooks and canny running up to what seems like a secret path to what seems to be a whole new area only to be stopped by an invisble wall is just frustrating. There is intricacy in stage design and if fromsoft is a 10 this game is a 2. Regardless its a flaw even it doesn't impact too much on its enjoyable. However, if you are used to the games playing itself for you, sure, I guess invisible walls are a good thing. Lol, what? In old games you weren't as mobile, thus ALL invisible walls were having at least some barrier. A fallen tree, some rocks and so on. In Wukong invisible walls are the worst there are. In other games it at least tells you, that it won't load anything, plus those are open world games, like in fallout or witcher 3. I was born on ‘94 and I find the invisible walls annoying I would argue the complete opposite, I would personally pull my hair out one by one if a feature used during stone age is still somehow present in 2024, especially in a game that looks as good as wukong. No. You're just coping. It's an issue. Nope. 47 and they’re annoying. Most of them I’ve been like whatever, but the last one shown in OPs video actually annoyed me. It 100% looks like a second path out of that room. I went the correct way and then backtracked to it so I didn’t miss an alternate path only to find out the path was a lie. They could have just added a boulder there so it didn’t look like a path.
I was born in 90 and this is my biggest gripe with this game. I think it is more about how this game is extremely highly praised and then when I play it I encounter this lazy ass design and wonder why they didn't just try a little harder on this front.
Born in 88 (young man lol), it's poor design. Games back in the day didn't have the kind of exploration this game does, so you kind of already knew you couldn't cross the invisible wall. Also, games are supposed to improve upon wonky former design flaws. This isn't an old-school feature brought back for nostalgia. It's poor design, and despite the game being really good, it's OK to criticise it.
Depends what/how you play the game. If you want to enjoy every crooks and canny running up to what seems like a secret path to what seems to be a whole new area only to be stopped by an invisble wall is just frustrating. There is intricacy in stage design and if fromsoft is a 10 this game is a 2. Regardless its a flaw even it doesn't impact too much on its enjoyable. However, if you are used to the games playing itself for you, sure, I guess invisible walls are a good thing.
Lol, what? In old games you weren't as mobile, thus ALL invisible walls were having at least some barrier. A fallen tree, some rocks and so on. In Wukong invisible walls are the worst there are. In other games it at least tells you, that it won't load anything, plus those are open world games, like in fallout or witcher 3.
I was born on ‘94 and I find the invisible walls annoying
I would argue the complete opposite, I would personally pull my hair out one by one if a feature used during stone age is still somehow present in 2024, especially in a game that looks as good as wukong.
No. You're just coping. It's an issue.
Nope. 47 and they’re annoying. Most of them I’ve been like whatever, but the last one shown in OPs video actually annoyed me. It 100% looks like a second path out of that room. I went the correct way and then backtracked to it so I didn’t miss an alternate path only to find out the path was a lie. They could have just added a boulder there so it didn’t look like a path.
Not really an issue. I hit the wall and turn like a Roomba and keep going. Lmaooo a roomba is the best way to explain it xD
Lmaooo a roomba is the best way to explain it xD
Yes, it's weird they put invisible walls instead of just let the boundaries of the items acting as blocks. It's not about linear, it's about let the things be in their ways.
Wukong does some things better than Fromsoft. The graphics are obviously better and I prefer the art design. I also think the bosses are far better than fromsoft bosses. They feel more fair, more varied, and I like that they're not all giant monsters than can't fit in the camera. Where Wukong falls behind is in exploration. It's just bad. The invisible walls kill the incentive to explore, and there's so much that you can see that's completely inaccessible. It really makes you feel like you're going through beautiful hallways, not exploring an imaginary world. I also don't like the trash mobs in Wukong. Most of the non-boss enemies are just annoying, and aren't really fun to fight. It makes me not want to go back through different paths to fight them again. Obviously Wukong isn't a soulslike, so it's not totally fair to compare them to a fromsoft game, but overall I hope they can both learn from each other's successes, because a blend of fromsoft and game science would be a perfect game for me. Graphic fidelity is better than Fromsoft, but I disagree about art direction. I think From is miles ahead. Also disagree about the bosses. I’ve one shot a ton of them and didn’t really have to learn their movesets. A lot feel like a slightly stronger normal enemy, almost insignificant. Graphics are better but in no world is the art design better
Graphic fidelity is better than Fromsoft, but I disagree about art direction. I think From is miles ahead. Also disagree about the bosses. I’ve one shot a ton of them and didn’t really have to learn their movesets. A lot feel like a slightly stronger normal enemy, almost insignificant.
Graphics are better but in no world is the art design better
Blocking volumes are annoying
The invisible walls in the rat piss wind sage boss fight had me questioning gaming as a hobby Yeah. Like wtf can the sage fall out of the wall and I have to wait for his rat ass to come back in.
Yeah. Like wtf can the sage fall out of the wall and I have to wait for his rat ass to come back in.
it is immersion breaking, like they couldve put more rocks or like a spirit wall or sumthin. but no big deal
The game is so good the thing that would make it almost perfect is better walls and slight changes can’t wait to see what they make next
The lack of a map and this is definitely a gripe i have with the game, like the invisible walls wouldn’t be so bad if we just had defined borders.
I hope the next wukong game is open world or at least is split into fully explorable hub areas like the recent God of war games.
You don't have the right. Oh, you don't have the right. Therefore, you don't have the right.
I don’t even get it why they don’t just make them proper walls in most cases
We all agree. It’s discouraging to explore when you’re jumping into invisible walls all the time. Throws you out of the incredibly immersive world they’ve built and reminds you that you’re still in a video game.
Clearly you've never played any N64 games. This is classic world behavior lol
That way they were able to create organic looking environments and didnt have to put visible barriers everywhere which would make it look way more like an artificial place instead of what we got now. I dont get what the big problem here is to be honest.
The black loong fight was annoying for this very reason. This and dodgy hitboxes /camera angles (Fuban and kang Jin loong I’m looking  at you ) are my only major complaints so far
This is the problem with linear games, making it feel like you’re not in a tunnel. For me, it’s not something that would make me lower the game’s score, because I think it’s necessary for it to look nice, but it’s true that it can be frustrating because you often don’t know where you can go and where you can’t, and you’re constantly bumping into invisible walls until you eventually find one you can pass through 😅
My gripe is re fighting minions to get back to the boss where I died. The minions are coming at me that I have to attack and hopefully I don't have to use any of my inventory (which I always do because of an enemy I see) then I gotta fight the boss with half of my inventory
Hard Disagree. It's not an open world game, what do you want. I think the landscapes are beautifully created, I don't need to explore empty areas for no reason.
My favorite game is bloodborne, so I'm well used to limited paths. Wukong is perfect, when it hsppend to me i just shrug it off
It bothered me in first 2 chapters, but as I was playing, I simply embraced the vision of the designers. When you see the seemingly endless fields and the scope of terrain, you are in awe. Without the invisible walls it wouldn't be this majestic, as you would have to: create natural obstructions, like mountain walls or bodies of water, or even worse create a fucking sewer/mine level every two steps; all of these limit the scope of what you see miles and miles ahead and takes away from the grandeur. create an empty open world that is simply too big for it's own good.
I agree heavily, but one more annoying thing at least on a controller (I don’t know if it’s just me) but using a spirit mid fight has to be one of the most annoying things, I dont know why but sometimes the amount of times I’m pressing L2+R2 in order to fire up the spirit ability is fucking outrageous ( again I don’t know if it’s just me but I felt like sharing)
Especially the few giant boss arenas you have to spend 10 minutes running the invisible wall to pick up the possible one or two items they hide around the perimeter. So far that's the most annoying thing for me.
It’s not about the invisible walls, it’s about terrain that looks inviting… They need to up their terrain and level design skills
Worse boss
Nah I agree. I remember when all games had walls like this and progressively started doing things differently. It takes away from the beauty of the game, and it makes it syncopated if you will. Like it breaks your pace when you encounter one. It’s not a huge problem, but a thing for sure.
SUPER FACTS!
Yea Pretend Buddha made those invisible walls. Bad monkey…NO
"Oh you don't have the right"
Yeah a map is necessary or something showing what is accessible and what isn’t
There's literally nothing over there. Wtf is indefensible? Invisible walls in 2024
Invisible walls in 2024
Yes. One of the very glaring flaws in this game and it is not excusable. Anyone trying to defend this is as bad as the one who blindly hates this game.
Whats the problem here?
I don't even think it's in top5 problems this game has imo. I think the exploration, even for a linear game, is very lacking. Still, I’m enjoying the game a lot.
I think the exploration, even for a linear game, is very lacking. Still, I’m enjoying the game a lot.
The thing is you think some invisible walls are places to explore so later on in the game you probably don't explore as much and think....."oh that'll be another invisible wall" and it probably isn't lol I'm not sure how you'd remedy it what do other games do? I guess If they had a map you could see boundary lines so you'd know it's not explorable.
Love the game, but I keep calling it “Invisible walls simulator” for a reason.
Yeah it’s pretty jarring but not a massive issue for me
Right now, I don't have any brownies.  And if you don't give me any brownies, I'm not going to be upset with you. But if you wave the brownies under my nose, put them in front of me and show me how good they are, but then put an invisible wall between me and those brownies, I'm then going to be mad at you for not giving me brownies. The issue with this analogy is that they never waved brownies under your nose. A more apt analogy would be if you went to a friends house and they made brownies and offered you some. (How nice of them) Now you go to a different friends house and notice that they have the ingredients to bake brownies but didn't and therefore have none to offer you. Instead of understanding that just because friend #1 gave you brownies, it doesn't mean you deserve brownies from friend #2. You complain to others that friend #2 is lacking because friend #1 did you a kindness. Stop focusing on brownies, and you'll have a much better time. (If you run into an invisible wall, recognize it as such, and move on)
The issue with this analogy is that they never waved brownies under your nose. A more apt analogy would be if you went to a friends house and they made brownies and offered you some. (How nice of them) Now you go to a different friends house and notice that they have the ingredients to bake brownies but didn't and therefore have none to offer you. Instead of understanding that just because friend #1 gave you brownies, it doesn't mean you deserve brownies from friend #2. You complain to others that friend #2 is lacking because friend #1 did you a kindness. Stop focusing on brownies, and you'll have a much better time. (If you run into an invisible wall, recognize it as such, and move on)
My issue with this is because it can be hard to tell where you can go and where you can’t. Sometimes you can jump off a cliff, other times you’re running into the invisible barrier. Sometimes you can leap over a wall, sometimes you can’t. I feel like I’m constantly testing these areas just to make sure I’m not missing some area or pathway. That’s where my frustration with this comes from.
My biggest negatives of this game is the invisible walls and the weird lag/not registering of button presses. Overall still a very enjoyable game
Game is mid. Would’ve been great if it was launched back in 2010.
用户已删除评论
It totally should have been open world. Because it’s visually designed to make you believe that it is open world. And then it isn’t.
the game needs to either have a map or differentiate what can traverse and what can't i? because as it stands it's literally just guess and check, which makes you feel like an idiot for even trying to explore. I also think the defense of "There were invisible walls in the 90s" is a bad defense because this game isn't from the 90s, it's a full priced 2024 release, and it's not something they can patch out without extensive work, it's a fundamental level/environment design issue
The things is the invisible walls a lot of them look like places you can go and not being able to climb at all. Zelda botw and being able to climb ever where spoiled me and makes it hard to play games where you can't lol
Think about it this way: It’s their 1st major title/AAA Game which is amazing. They can take this feedback and expand upon it. While it is frustrating, we have many more games from them to come I’m sure
Yeah I was super sad at how limited traversal is. I mean WE ARE A MONKEY for crying out loud. Climbing trees and swinging from them to do crit damage would set this game over the edge.
Seeing vids like these actually make me completly loose interest in the game.
Not as big of a deal as people make it lol. Enjoy the game for what they make it to be. Not an open world lil bro
I honestly just look at it as “nothing important for me that way. Thanks game”
Every game isn’t massively open world and doesn’t need to be
This is why when playing one noticed how fun it is, however, then that fun is shattered instantly when running into force fields. I want to go to all the eye candy not just be blocked off. *Rambling* Ghosts still has the most beautiful open world to me hands down. Imagine Wu Kong in a world like that how delightful. I returned this game without hesitation, why keep something that is broken. This game could have immensely benefitted from an open world setting, especially with more enemies in between that are more meaningful to fight giving extra goodies and drops etc. One can hope. Combat: needs more normal attack variations, more heavy attack variations. More music instead of silence.
用户已删除评论 Game is amazing. Invisible walls in games are fine. Invisible walls in this game are awful.
Game is amazing. Invisible walls in games are fine. Invisible walls in this game are awful.
If its this good with the tools they had available, imagine how good the next one will be when they have money to go all the way!
I thought they made a mini map now or did I see that wrong
I must be getting old. I’m 32 and invisible walls like this were so common back in the day. I don’t even think it’s a problem. Just makes me go ‘okay I can’t go that way’. And I move on.
I hope the dlc makes all these walls playable lol. Would be so badass
Unoffical double jump for me is jump & heavy attack works for me give it a go
Guys… the invisible wall would’ve been an issue for GOW too, and they took the ability to jump out… so probably not an issue
Those are the Areas they cut off to finish the game because they didnt have time to work another 4 years XD
How hard is it to run into it and be like oh I cant go this way? 😴 gota find something to complain about I guess Art appraisal and critique exists for good reason. It's better to create a world without such an abundance of invisible walls. This kind of discourse is good, not bad.
Art appraisal and critique exists for good reason. It's better to create a world without such an abundance of invisible walls. This kind of discourse is good, not bad.
I think this and the combat really drag this game, still amazing in every other way
The st-tu-tu-tuttering is ruining my enjoyment of the game tbh. It's an Unreal engine issue. You'd think they would have sorted it out by now.
Lmao yeah...is what it is.
Honestly looks like the worst thing about the game. Such an odd thing that you don’t see in any other triple A games these days.
JUST LET US EXPLORE GOD DAMMIT...I wanna explore :(
Why do we always jump when we meet a wall? Like the jump will help
It's one of the things I didn't like in the game like "JUST LET ME BE A MONKEY AND GO ANYWHERE A MONKEY WANTS TO GO"
Oh I can’t go there. Anyways…. I guess it isn’t like God of War because you need little yellow signs on the ground to let you know where to go.
The only reason I would want a mini map for this game is to see invisible walls. A better option though would be if the limits of where you can and can't go were more clear to the player.  Like someone else said it wasn't a deal breaker, but it definitely was a frustrating first playthrough. Especially when I was looking for the secrets. Now that I know where everything is thankfully this issue is alleviated.
Wait until you fight a boss and only to be killed cuz your healing didn’t happen even though you pressed the button or you stuck against invisible wall and couldn’t run or dodge.
https://youtu.be/ViFHit4L9m0 I agree , but I have been having fun & haven't broken a controller yet so It seems a little enjoyable in that manner .
Seriously. It's pretty lazy design. The vibes of the game more than make up but this stuff has been making me not care about exploring, which is my favorite part of this type of game.
I hate this too but this is the reason the game can have such good graphics. They limit the environment.
When I heard “open world” I was excited for an open world like Elden Ring, then I heard it being compared to GoW and my open world dreams were shattered.
Yea it's genuinely the only nitpick I have about this game.
Yeah I wanna climb on stuff.. why? Because I wanna..
I thought it was about cant do double jump, but still agreed tho
I would prefer this than seeing giant slightly transparent walls tbh.
Not every single game needs to be open world. It's not as much of a big deal as you think.
I bet those are on purpose, as reference for the meme.
Its such a shame that we cant walk over to where there wouldnt be any content for no reason, just the worst
That’s one thing I don’t like about the hyper real graphics. Too many things look traversable that aren’t and it ruins the immersion completely.
Probably the worst thing about the game
It’s a small studio with very limited staff and it’s their first AAA game. I’m just genuinely impressed by how good it is!
版主已移除评论
It hasn’t bothered me one bit, I get the game mechanics, it’s not meant to be an open world game
Think they can/will patch this?
Invisible walls never bother me. It means the devs didn't plan on us going that way, and they spent resources sculpting the main path somewhere else and refining the experience they intended. Less bloat for bloat's sake. They also didn't want to only have lines of broken trees, busyed trucks and mounds of foliage to guide us and block paths, which achieves the same result. I dunno, secrets and exploration are cool, but if I can't go somewhere, I'll just go somewhere else.
That last one has to be intentionally made to annoy people lmao
Honestly, I don’t care about those invisible walls. Performance on PS5 at some points could use improvements though. Give me a locked 40fps balanced mode and I’m good.
The game has such nice grafics sometime you dont even know what is a way and whats just enviroment.
I wonder if on PC the invisible walls could be modded?
in my opinion the game has the right balancement because no boss made me said that "he is unbeatable, I can't beat him" instead even if they are strong after I dead several times against them I learned their attack patters and defeat them The 90% of my deads are due by my mistake as usual lol
I’m okay with the invisible walls, what sets me off is them being in a boss arena -_- Trying to dodge? Nope, invisible wall!
Try doing a light attack after you jump it makes it into a double jump animation
There's nothing there anyways. It's really not a big deal
I don’t know. I don’t mind invisible walls because it keeps me focused. Big open world games with little to no walls I get too distracted going every which way whereas in Wukong I run into a wall, I just turn around and proceed to wherever I’m supposed to go.
Indeed this is my only major grievance with an otherwise fantastic game.
Im fine with it, Not every game on the planet has to be open world with the freedom to go anywhere. I play so many open world games I was actually relieved when I started playing Wukong and realized the gameplay was way more linear. I agree, but I just think in 2024 there’s better ways to block paths than invisible walls everywhere.
I agree, but I just think in 2024 there’s better ways to block paths than invisible walls everywhere.
You don't have the right, O you don't have the right You don't have the right, try finger.
Nothing wrong with invisible walls my friend that's nothing new seeing we have always had them in games.
No western influence
I have 80 bucks credit in the PS Store.....this worth it or something else?
Black Myth Wukong is a good game but it has very repetitive combos and the exploration or invisible walls is disappointing sometimes. This is definitely not GOTY as some say, but yeah Ranton is right if this game had varied combos like other action games it couldn've been greater. I'm still playing and trying to 100% before I give a final review.
I really want to hear why they went with this design. It is not a mistake, they deliberately wanted not to compromise on visual presentation.
This and hitboxes on bigger enemies are my only 2 hard problems with the game. Also I would have loved a bit more ambient music since that headless monk slapping was my fav. time in the game.
Stop playing if you are frustrated 😁
I think some of them you can jump on to, but yea if it's invisible wall then no.. not long ago I found out you can do jump then heavy attack, then you can jump higher..
Patch notes: patch some walls please
Journey to the discount bin
I for one very much enjoy the invisible walls. I'm the type of person to spend hours looking through every nook and cranny for loot and lore and if these weren't in place I'd be wasting an incredible amount of time with no payoff
of course the apologists have invaded this comment section it's valid criticism, don't even try to downplay it
They literally told you it’s not an open world game. I honestly can’t believe people have bitched and moaned to the point of the developer actually saying they would “fix” this when they shouldn’t fucking have too.
A map would've solved this but the Devs think otherwise lol
funny how chapter 6 looks like a sandbox
I was so close to buying the game. Cannot stand an invisible wall it takes you straight out of the immersion.
Then you would complain the maps are empty and shallow cause some area serve no purpose. If they didn't intended to anything then good, put an invisible wall, not a big deal. Could they hide it better? Sure. Is it necessary to do so? No.
