Me and my wife we just watched the episode 2 of the donghua for our YouTube and we were left gasping. What is even their budget bro? 💀 China seems to be out for blood 😭 ================================================================================  评论列表:
Hello, u/talkkyunow ! This is a reminder to review our updated spoiler rules . If you think that your post breaks them, it’s best to delete it and repost with the proper adjustments. Posts that remain in violation will be removed by moderators. Repeated or intentional violations can result in a temporary ban or further action at the discretion of the mod team. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns. track me
Yes crazy visuals. As it should be. And yes we totally imagined everything of that happening in the novel. Yes we did. Yeah We didn’t know about the novel. But we were aware of the hype, specially related to animation and oh boy. Despite the hype it still over delivered 😭 It was so popular in china, that they have cafes and even a train station at one point.
We didn’t know about the novel. But we were aware of the hype, specially related to animation and oh boy. Despite the hype it still over delivered 😭 It was so popular in china, that they have cafes and even a train station at one point.
It was so popular in china, that they have cafes and even a train station at one point.
Keep in mind the first one is a dumbass being delulu. Aint no way you called my dear gay poet a dumbass. How can you talk about our MC like that?!?! SHIT I forgot I'm in the gay poet fanclub too I'm sorry I got corrupted for a second 😭😭 Dont worry what matters is you are back again, praise the Fool! Praise the fool!!! and the star!!!! YOU -!? Hahahahahah i will keep an eye out for him in episode 3 Please do. You'll notice that he gets gayer and gayer every episode. Lmaoo But... Delulu is always the solulu
Aint no way you called my dear gay poet a dumbass. How can you talk about our MC like that?!?! SHIT I forgot I'm in the gay poet fanclub too I'm sorry I got corrupted for a second 😭😭 Dont worry what matters is you are back again, praise the Fool! Praise the fool!!! and the star!!!! YOU -!?
SHIT I forgot I'm in the gay poet fanclub too I'm sorry I got corrupted for a second 😭😭 Dont worry what matters is you are back again, praise the Fool! Praise the fool!!! and the star!!!! YOU -!?
Dont worry what matters is you are back again, praise the Fool! Praise the fool!!! and the star!!!!
Praise the fool!!! and the star!!!!
YOU -!?
Hahahahahah i will keep an eye out for him in episode 3 Please do. You'll notice that he gets gayer and gayer every episode. Lmaoo
Please do. You'll notice that he gets gayer and gayer every episode. Lmaoo
Lmaoo
But... Delulu is always the solulu
What's your Channel name? Also, Tencent put 400+ million yuan in this💀 400 million?? 😵😵 i tried to do some research for our video back when episode 1 dropped. I couldn’t get an official number. 400 mill is ….. 💀 Also, thanks for asking. It’s “Talk Kyu” and our id is “talkkyunow”. Same as here in reddit. We just started last month hoping to meet more anime and donghua fans. I'll give a sub🙂 Oh. Thank you!! Even if just hang out with us in the comment without subbing, that would be equally amazing too. We just want to connect and talk anime with more anime fans. Whatever the medium they prefer. Ok🫠 Also, don't spend time on this subreddit, you'll guarantee to get spoiled a lot Hahahaha that’s why I am here but not my wife. For our channel, I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 — You're going to find out that 23% of posts here are discussions on Klein being a virgin... or other characters that are not virgins — You're going to get EOS spoiler for sure. And get Characters spoiler too Anyway, Praise The Fool Oh… now i dont want to. Lmao. The ending post credit scene of ep 2 made really emotionally attached to the story. Thank you for the heads up bro. I will try to avoid spoilers the best i can✊ The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe What millions? Dollars or yuan? Yuan Damn, more than 50$ million? That's crazy - JJK season 2 had only about 8$ million pumped into. Tencent put 400+ million in this💀 Where did you get this info? There's no way 400 million was spent on this 12 episode animation It's 13 episodes + 2 OVA, but to be clear, I read 400 million yuan in an article 1 week ago I read somewhere its 150 million yuan. 400 is impossible, thats Nezha level Well... Yeah thats Tencent and do you know how stingy they are when invest to donghua and drama? When a drama on their platform don't meet Tencent's expectation the crew have to pay Tencent back 😂 3 big platforms in China: Tencent, Iqiyi, Youku only Tencent do that. Guess why donghua got pushed have to do the clown fight in first 3 eps?
400 million?? 😵😵 i tried to do some research for our video back when episode 1 dropped. I couldn’t get an official number. 400 mill is ….. 💀 Also, thanks for asking. It’s “Talk Kyu” and our id is “talkkyunow”. Same as here in reddit. We just started last month hoping to meet more anime and donghua fans. I'll give a sub🙂 Oh. Thank you!! Even if just hang out with us in the comment without subbing, that would be equally amazing too. We just want to connect and talk anime with more anime fans. Whatever the medium they prefer. Ok🫠 Also, don't spend time on this subreddit, you'll guarantee to get spoiled a lot Hahahaha that’s why I am here but not my wife. For our channel, I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 — You're going to find out that 23% of posts here are discussions on Klein being a virgin... or other characters that are not virgins — You're going to get EOS spoiler for sure. And get Characters spoiler too Anyway, Praise The Fool Oh… now i dont want to. Lmao. The ending post credit scene of ep 2 made really emotionally attached to the story. Thank you for the heads up bro. I will try to avoid spoilers the best i can✊ The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
I'll give a sub🙂 Oh. Thank you!! Even if just hang out with us in the comment without subbing, that would be equally amazing too. We just want to connect and talk anime with more anime fans. Whatever the medium they prefer. Ok🫠
Oh. Thank you!! Even if just hang out with us in the comment without subbing, that would be equally amazing too. We just want to connect and talk anime with more anime fans. Whatever the medium they prefer. Ok🫠
Ok🫠
Also, don't spend time on this subreddit, you'll guarantee to get spoiled a lot Hahahaha that’s why I am here but not my wife. For our channel, I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 — You're going to find out that 23% of posts here are discussions on Klein being a virgin... or other characters that are not virgins — You're going to get EOS spoiler for sure. And get Characters spoiler too Anyway, Praise The Fool Oh… now i dont want to. Lmao. The ending post credit scene of ep 2 made really emotionally attached to the story. Thank you for the heads up bro. I will try to avoid spoilers the best i can✊ The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
Hahahaha that’s why I am here but not my wife. For our channel, I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 — You're going to find out that 23% of posts here are discussions on Klein being a virgin... or other characters that are not virgins — You're going to get EOS spoiler for sure. And get Characters spoiler too Anyway, Praise The Fool Oh… now i dont want to. Lmao. The ending post credit scene of ep 2 made really emotionally attached to the story. Thank you for the heads up bro. I will try to avoid spoilers the best i can✊ The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
I need to connect with the communities and do research with what the community is saying or feeling. Even if it means risking spoilers 💀🥲 — You're going to find out that 23% of posts here are discussions on Klein being a virgin... or other characters that are not virgins — You're going to get EOS spoiler for sure. And get Characters spoiler too Anyway, Praise The Fool Oh… now i dont want to. Lmao. The ending post credit scene of ep 2 made really emotionally attached to the story. Thank you for the heads up bro. I will try to avoid spoilers the best i can✊ The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
Oh… now i dont want to. Lmao. The ending post credit scene of ep 2 made really emotionally attached to the story. Thank you for the heads up bro. I will try to avoid spoilers the best i can✊ The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
The title of a post can literally give spoilers. But I guess without context, its not that much?🧐 Also, LNhistorian is a great YT channel to understand LOTM, he seriously helps this fandom grow outside Asia and bro is literally the biggest LOTM fan ever Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
Damn… its tough but I gotta do it for making our videos more informative and entertaining…. Yes… i am already subscribed to him. I also subscribed to aninews. He does weekly cut content episodes. I think these two are unskippable for people like us who haven’t read the webnovels. I also recommended them in our video to others who are wanting to start lotm. LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
LNhistorian recently explained the power system without spoilers, You might consider checking that out if you don't understand the system. Prepare tissue for EP 13... It's going to emotional that's the only thing I can say with spoilering it, the Doughua will end at CH 213 of the novel Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
Ohhhh…. I am going to tell this to my wife in our next video. Gonna start hyping her out for episode 13 then hehe
What millions? Dollars or yuan? Yuan Damn, more than 50$ million? That's crazy - JJK season 2 had only about 8$ million pumped into.
Yuan
Damn, more than 50$ million? That's crazy - JJK season 2 had only about 8$ million pumped into.
Tencent put 400+ million in this💀 Where did you get this info? There's no way 400 million was spent on this 12 episode animation It's 13 episodes + 2 OVA, but to be clear, I read 400 million yuan in an article 1 week ago
It's 13 episodes + 2 OVA, but to be clear, I read 400 million yuan in an article 1 week ago
I read somewhere its 150 million yuan. 400 is impossible, thats Nezha level Well... Yeah thats Tencent and do you know how stingy they are when invest to donghua and drama? When a drama on their platform don't meet Tencent's expectation the crew have to pay Tencent back 😂 3 big platforms in China: Tencent, Iqiyi, Youku only Tencent do that. Guess why donghua got pushed have to do the clown fight in first 3 eps?
Well... Yeah thats Tencent and do you know how stingy they are when invest to donghua and drama? When a drama on their platform don't meet Tencent's expectation the crew have to pay Tencent back 😂 3 big platforms in China: Tencent, Iqiyi, Youku only Tencent do that. Guess why donghua got pushed have to do the clown fight in first 3 eps?
Yeah thats Tencent and do you know how stingy they are when invest to donghua and drama? When a drama on their platform don't meet Tencent's expectation the crew have to pay Tencent back 😂 3 big platforms in China: Tencent, Iqiyi, Youku only Tencent do that. Guess why donghua got pushed have to do the clown fight in first 3 eps?
Yeah, Tencent pumped ton of money into these. Has to be. No way they can make these episode after episode without significant investment
Has to be. No way they can make these episode after episode without significant investment
Unlimited Budget Works People have been commenting that. I also agree that they must have tremendous budget 😭
People have been commenting that. I also agree that they must have tremendous budget 😭
I was super impressed loved the visuals and the story Me too. I knew the animation hype but episode 2 ending post credit scene left us so emo 🥹
Me too. I knew the animation hype but episode 2 ending post credit scene left us so emo 🥹
It's great overall but there are a lot of times where execution is not that great. Lot of background models where it feels obvious that it's CG which clashes with 2D style imo. There should be more texture work to give them more of a 2D feel. I have been meaning to educate myself. I even said this in my video. As i understand, this should be 2D as per the director’s comments some time ago but some things feel so 3D and CG that I am very confused what is supposed to be 2D
I have been meaning to educate myself. I even said this in my video. As i understand, this should be 2D as per the director’s comments some time ago but some things feel so 3D and CG that I am very confused what is supposed to be 2D
Didn't pay much attention before but the hat is really TALLLL Hahaha but i think Victorian era hat used to be that tall no? yeah probably. But just Iused to read "Tall" hat but never associated them with being this tall. Waiting for the half hats to show up now.
Hahaha but i think Victorian era hat used to be that tall no? yeah probably. But just Iused to read "Tall" hat but never associated them with being this tall. Waiting for the half hats to show up now.
yeah probably. But just Iused to read "Tall" hat but never associated them with being this tall. Waiting for the half hats to show up now.
The visials are exactly what a story like this one deserves
It was hyped and now it doesn't disappoint!!! Truee!!
Truee!!
their budget is whatever tencent gives them 😭
😭
Hello, u/talkkyunow ! This is a reminder to review our updated spoiler rules . If you think that your post breaks them, it’s best to delete it and repost with the proper adjustments. Posts that remain in violation will be removed by moderators. Repeated or intentional violations can result in a temporary ban or further action at the discretion of the mod team. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Yes crazy visuals. As it should be. And yes we totally imagined everything of that happening in the novel. Yes we did. Yeah We didn’t know about the novel. But we were aware of the hype, specially related to animation and oh boy. Despite the hype it still over delivered 😭
We didn’t know about the novel. But we were aware of the hype, specially related to animation and oh boy. Despite the hype it still over delivered 😭
Keep in mind the first one is a dumbass being delulu. Aint no way you called my dear gay poet a dumbass. How can you talk about our MC like that?!?! Hahahahahah i will keep an eye out for him in episode 3 But... Delulu is always the solulu
Aint no way you called my dear gay poet a dumbass. How can you talk about our MC like that?!?!
Hahahahahah i will keep an eye out for him in episode 3
But... Delulu is always the solulu
What's your Channel name? Also, Tencent put 400+ million yuan in this💀 400 million?? 😵😵 i tried to do some research for our video back when episode 1 dropped. I couldn’t get an official number. 400 mill is ….. 💀 Also, thanks for asking. It’s “Talk Kyu” and our id is “talkkyunow”. Same as here in reddit. We just started last month hoping to meet more anime and donghua fans. What millions? Dollars or yuan? Tencent put 400+ million in this💀 Where did you get this info? There's no way 400 million was spent on this 12 episode animation I read somewhere its 150 million yuan. 400 is impossible, thats Nezha level
400 million?? 😵😵 i tried to do some research for our video back when episode 1 dropped. I couldn’t get an official number. 400 mill is ….. 💀 Also, thanks for asking. It’s “Talk Kyu” and our id is “talkkyunow”. Same as here in reddit. We just started last month hoping to meet more anime and donghua fans.
What millions? Dollars or yuan?
Tencent put 400+ million in this💀 Where did you get this info? There's no way 400 million was spent on this 12 episode animation
I read somewhere its 150 million yuan. 400 is impossible, thats Nezha level
Yeah, Tencent pumped ton of money into these. Has to be. No way they can make these episode after episode without significant investment
Has to be. No way they can make these episode after episode without significant investment
Unlimited Budget Works People have been commenting that. I also agree that they must have tremendous budget 😭
People have been commenting that. I also agree that they must have tremendous budget 😭
I was super impressed loved the visuals and the story Me too. I knew the animation hype but episode 2 ending post credit scene left us so emo 🥹
Me too. I knew the animation hype but episode 2 ending post credit scene left us so emo 🥹
It's great overall but there are a lot of times where execution is not that great. Lot of background models where it feels obvious that it's CG which clashes with 2D style imo. There should be more texture work to give them more of a 2D feel. I have been meaning to educate myself. I even said this in my video. As i understand, this should be 2D as per the director’s comments some time ago but some things feel so 3D and CG that I am very confused what is supposed to be 2D
I have been meaning to educate myself. I even said this in my video. As i understand, this should be 2D as per the director’s comments some time ago but some things feel so 3D and CG that I am very confused what is supposed to be 2D
Didn't pay much attention before but the hat is really TALLLL Hahaha but i think Victorian era hat used to be that tall no?
Hahaha but i think Victorian era hat used to be that tall no?
The visials are exactly what a story like this one deserves
It was hyped and now it doesn't disappoint!!! Truee!!
Truee!!
their budget is whatever tencent gives them 😭
😭
