================================================================================  评论列表:
I'm so happy to see people all over the world appreciating Shaanbei Sanxian folk songs and music. This game has done a wonderful thing. wipes tear 🥲 track me Should it be Shanbei Sanxian (陕北 三弦)? Oops I forgot the h - Shaanbei. My bad!! My autocorrect does not like me has abandoned me, not like I gave it a reason to trust or understand me in the first place. 🙃 Absolutely amazing music. I didn’t even know such cool music existed. So glad Wukong showed me this! It thrills me to see you say this! I firmly believe music is the bridge to cultural understanding. I hope more games in the future have this same effect. My faith in humanity is being restored through music and its amazing! His energy is peak. Everyone has to at least appreciate how much heart he’s throwing into it! 100% agree! No, wait! 10 billion % agree! Shanbei shreds, fr Album recommendation? I will be very happy to share my spotify collection with you :D !!!! Shaanbei Sanxian List Bai Ethnic Folk Songs Yi Ethnic Folk songs Qin storytelling ballads Guqin/Qin/Zither List -expansive Yu Hong Mei is a Goddess! I hope this list brings other as much joy as it has brought me. Thanks! He is absolutely awesome! I'm legit thinking of buying one lmao I was jamming as soon as chapter 2 started. Idk what he was saying but he was spitting hot fire It's a shame he was only in the 2nd chapter (so far) I would have liked him in chapter 3 too he's a great way to vaguely explain stuff and really adds to the atmosphere
Should it be Shanbei Sanxian (陕北 三弦)? Oops I forgot the h - Shaanbei. My bad!! My autocorrect does not like me has abandoned me, not like I gave it a reason to trust or understand me in the first place. 🙃
Oops I forgot the h - Shaanbei. My bad!! My autocorrect does not like me has abandoned me, not like I gave it a reason to trust or understand me in the first place. 🙃
Absolutely amazing music. I didn’t even know such cool music existed. So glad Wukong showed me this! It thrills me to see you say this! I firmly believe music is the bridge to cultural understanding. I hope more games in the future have this same effect. My faith in humanity is being restored through music and its amazing!
It thrills me to see you say this! I firmly believe music is the bridge to cultural understanding. I hope more games in the future have this same effect. My faith in humanity is being restored through music and its amazing!
His energy is peak. Everyone has to at least appreciate how much heart he’s throwing into it! 100% agree! No, wait! 10 billion % agree!
100% agree! No, wait! 10 billion % agree!
Shanbei shreds, fr Album recommendation? I will be very happy to share my spotify collection with you :D !!!! Shaanbei Sanxian List Bai Ethnic Folk Songs Yi Ethnic Folk songs Qin storytelling ballads Guqin/Qin/Zither List -expansive Yu Hong Mei is a Goddess! I hope this list brings other as much joy as it has brought me. Thanks!
Album recommendation? I will be very happy to share my spotify collection with you :D !!!! Shaanbei Sanxian List Bai Ethnic Folk Songs Yi Ethnic Folk songs Qin storytelling ballads Guqin/Qin/Zither List -expansive Yu Hong Mei is a Goddess! I hope this list brings other as much joy as it has brought me. Thanks!
I will be very happy to share my spotify collection with you :D !!!! Shaanbei Sanxian List Bai Ethnic Folk Songs Yi Ethnic Folk songs Qin storytelling ballads Guqin/Qin/Zither List -expansive Yu Hong Mei is a Goddess! I hope this list brings other as much joy as it has brought me. Thanks!
Thanks!
He is absolutely awesome!
I'm legit thinking of buying one lmao I was jamming as soon as chapter 2 started. Idk what he was saying but he was spitting hot fire
It's a shame he was only in the 2nd chapter (so far) I would have liked him in chapter 3 too he's a great way to vaguely explain stuff and really adds to the atmosphere
It did! He literally pulls arrows out of you and let's to start chapter 2 I don't understand how it got to this point, when we literally beat the previous boss without any problems, but I still appreciate the help! Agreed. I thought I somehow skipped a cutscene or something but I guess not? My boy just littered with arrows lol
I don't understand how it got to this point, when we literally beat the previous boss without any problems, but I still appreciate the help! Agreed. I thought I somehow skipped a cutscene or something but I guess not? My boy just littered with arrows lol
Agreed. I thought I somehow skipped a cutscene or something but I guess not? My boy just littered with arrows lol
Anyone that says trash is objectively wrong and dumb. Can’t say objectively since it’s an opinion but they are still dumb af shits fire Well, their opinion is wrong. To you it is. To them it isn’t. Some people have an opinion the earth is flat. Opinions can be objectively wrong Isn't that more of a scientifically false statement/belief rather than an opinion, though? Facts
Can’t say objectively since it’s an opinion but they are still dumb af shits fire Well, their opinion is wrong. To you it is. To them it isn’t. Some people have an opinion the earth is flat. Opinions can be objectively wrong Isn't that more of a scientifically false statement/belief rather than an opinion, though? Facts
Well, their opinion is wrong. To you it is. To them it isn’t.
To you it is. To them it isn’t.
Some people have an opinion the earth is flat. Opinions can be objectively wrong Isn't that more of a scientifically false statement/belief rather than an opinion, though?
Isn't that more of a scientifically false statement/belief rather than an opinion, though?
Facts
absolute fire
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Absolutely loved him and his music right from the moment he appeared.
🔥
WORLD TOUR LAUCHING 🔥
Absolutely fire
HOT.  I can't get enough of it.  I am even thinking about calling this guy up and ask if I can produce his music so we can sell in the US and the entire world. Yes, I wish I have a some money to invest.  It is not too hard.  Upon agreement, I will figure out what songs to record, in both traditional version and fusion with more Western elements.  May involve a song writer or 2.  Then we will hire studio in China to record them.  Then hire some video teams to create some video content (like music video) as promotion materials. The good news is Game Science cannot own this song because it is a folksong.  Can't trademark cultural products.  Once the songs are finished with recording and mastering, I will publish them on Pandora, Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, Youtube Music, Sirius, ... Hmmm, I have done this before many times.  The only thing I don't know is how to sign artists in China. Come on, can't wait to listen! I love art that incorporates different cultures!
Come on, can't wait to listen! I love art that incorporates different cultures!
🔥🔥🔥🔥
My favorite chapter is 2 because of this guy alone I don't like the desert feel, but I absolutely loved encountering this dude
I don't like the desert feel, but I absolutely loved encountering this dude
You guys will never love the headless singer as much as Ninja. Saw his stream, dude was doing the pelvic thrust. That genuinely makes me smile reading! Would love to see that ninja doing pelvic thrusts? hahahaha.  I can see why you'd think that reading my comment.  No i meant like, id love to see him get really excited about a game the way he used to when fornite first came out.  Feel like a lot of that energy was lost it comes with getting old, trust me, me and him are almost the same age :(
That genuinely makes me smile reading! Would love to see that ninja doing pelvic thrusts? hahahaha.  I can see why you'd think that reading my comment.  No i meant like, id love to see him get really excited about a game the way he used to when fornite first came out.  Feel like a lot of that energy was lost it comes with getting old, trust me, me and him are almost the same age :(
ninja doing pelvic thrusts? hahahaha.  I can see why you'd think that reading my comment.  No i meant like, id love to see him get really excited about a game the way he used to when fornite first came out.  Feel like a lot of that energy was lost it comes with getting old, trust me, me and him are almost the same age :(
hahahaha.  I can see why you'd think that reading my comment.  No i meant like, id love to see him get really excited about a game the way he used to when fornite first came out.  Feel like a lot of that energy was lost it comes with getting old, trust me, me and him are almost the same age :(
it comes with getting old, trust me, me and him are almost the same age :(
DEF FIRE whats the song called the one he was singing?🎶 Most likely composed by the developers, Chinese folk music are very similar to jazz, improvisation is key. But the tune might be based on specific traditions.
Most likely composed by the developers, Chinese folk music are very similar to jazz, improvisation is key. But the tune might be based on specific traditions.
Actually, as a Chinese, it's my first time to hear this song known as shanbei sanxian. But I just get the sadness in the sand.
I remember IGN took points off from their review bc they saw this as an audio error in English Audio setting
The Loess Plateau, one of China’s four major plateaus, is the world’s largest area of loess deposits, with Shaanxi Province lying within this region. The robust and unrestrained local dialect and singing style are products of this land of sweeping yellow sands, reflecting the area’s unique customs, climate, and terrain. Naturally, this also aligns perfectly with the theme of the chapter2. This artist is named 熊竹英, the Vice Chairman of the Shaanxi Provincial Quyi Association. You can search for his name to enjoy more of his performances.
When your head starts bobbing automatically, you know it's 🔥 Dude musta bobbed too hard to just own tunes. Thats lore right there
Dude musta bobbed too hard to just own tunes. Thats lore right there
Thats lore right there
🔥 Very different. Got the beats down, just can't get enough. He reminds me of the bard from the Witcher series and how he got super popular because of THAT song. But, also similar vibes ya know.
bro always just spawning in outta nowhere 😭
Credit to the audio team on this game the tracks are absolutely smashing it!
bro get the trash option outta here lol
Lol, great story .
🔥
Speaking the words of the Devine Adam DeVine?
Adam DeVine?
This folk music is 🔥 even though I'm reading the subtitles.
I’m dancing just remembering the tunes. What a master!
I absolutely love the songs but sometimes he just appeared in the wrong times like when I beat Tiger Vanguard I almost got a heart attack and then he just started singing.
The first time you see him and he stares jamming. song specifically slaps so hard
someone lmk when they drop his playlist on apple, need to hear these tunes on a monday morning otw to depression
The music was easily my favorite part of chapter 2,  I wish I could listen to him for the rest of the game.
I really liked the music..got me fired up
Zero head game, but fuck that the music slaps.
The music is top tier. Perfect introduction to Act 2. I did not want to leave it.
When I first heard his voice and the music, I said to myself it's on.
After whooping the Tiger Vanguards ass I enjoyed a rock song for my accomplishment. 🔥
I mean.. quite literally saved my life, those arrows looked pretty bad.
Loved the songs, but the Scottish accent took me out lmao. The contrast between an epic song in Chinese and the dude speaking Scottish was hilarious.
Yeah, this was one of the highlights of the game.
It's great experiencing new music styles. A few years back I went to see a famous Japanese shamisen player's concert. It was amazing.
Bro this is living in me rent free for life
This guy is awesome and when the music hits in chapter 2 it gets you pumped!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🫡
His music is 🔥, but after seeing the chapter 2 conclusion and reading all the chapter 2 lore, can't help but feel that he is a bit 🗑️ Dude, you need to distinguish music and character. yeah that's why I love kanye but I hate his music wait a minute
Dude, you need to distinguish music and character. yeah that's why I love kanye but I hate his music wait a minute
yeah that's why I love kanye but I hate his music wait a minute
Well Man is actually a Bodhisattva. His music is his blessing.
Skipped it every time he started Criminal There's a special place in Naraka, the Buddhist purgatory, for folks like you who do such a thing.
Criminal
There's a special place in Naraka, the Buddhist purgatory, for folks like you who do such a thing.
版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
Yes when  I first heard the music I was this is 🔥 put me in a good mood and made me love the game more.
It was amazing.
I wonder what band that message was originally directed to.
🔥 No doubt about it.
🔥
More fire please!
Absolute 🔥
👍👍🥰🥰
It left me wanting more
❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
This youtuber created a dance for this song. LOL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKAQ_X3fj-U
This was the best and hilarious part of the game, I was wondering if the vocal cords were intact and could be seen to move.
100% 🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Explanation of why there are so many missing heads on statues in China https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfAXnmksHLA fake news.
fake news.
🔥🔥🔥
This shit was fire fr
The more a play this game, the more a love all it has to offer, from gameplay and visuals to mythology and culture aspects  all I'm here for.
Hell yeah!
I love this man
I love the first encounter of him... it's phenomenal it made me tear up yet feel immortal...and I didn't even understand a single word 🥲
The only good part about the Tiger Vanguard fight.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Top-Conversation6636 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-30T14:08:06.611000+0000 内容: I’m so loving the music and the whole art behind this game!! Especially the post-chapter animated music videos !! 🔥🔥 The only thing that I believe is a little bit different from the gameplay trailers (pre-launch), is the in-combat music.. Maybe it’s just me, but I think in gameplay trailers the music was more suspenseful and “stronger” than the actual in-combat music after launch.. What you guys think?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-30T14:22:31.120000+0000 内容: I love this game and this has been my favorite part so far.  My man is spitting straight fire, and he doesn't even have a mouth.
Fire
This is peak music. Always a jammer
Can anyone share some of the best songs in the genre on youtube
🔥
I would NOT listen to him in my free time but I do seriously appreciate his vocals and musicianship it’s not my cup of tea but I think it’s a good song
版主已移除评论 Hello u/bored_jjk , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/bored_jjk , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I can’t believe it’s not available on any streaming service, absolute 🔥🔥🔥 I can't believe it's not in the game OST!!! They included over 3 hours of music but forgot this guy!
I can't believe it's not in the game OST!!! They included over 3 hours of music but forgot this guy!
fire
his music is hard asf had my ass vibing
Question… if you play in English, are his songs also in English or do they stay in Chinese Subtitles in English, not spoken in English.
Subtitles in English, not spoken in English.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Small-Bus-8737 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Small-Bus-8737 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
The Absolute Jams
I love the songs, one of my favorite things about this game.
Dont like it
🔥
My god this guy right here! Going through the game with his music started to annoy me I wanted to bring the game down a few points. But then something happened! He played his music and me and my girlfriend were laughing, enjoying it and trying to sing along Then at the end of chapter 2 we saved him and I was waiting for a final song as a reward but it never came! I've never felt so betrayed 💔 Also. Normal music is now ruined for us. We keep singing his music and mimicking his instrument
At first.....it ain't FAMILIUH!!! 10 seconds later.... kinda slaps... Next day, unspeakably bad car karaoke 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
The music had bobbing up and down on my seat. Definitely fire ✅
This guy had me going in every time I herd him especially after a boss
Fire. Bro needs to drop an album
Best part of the game so far!!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
You understood the assignment 🫡
I saw him live and it is the best blend of modern and motivating for the game’s theme.
So no head?
So i used all my celestial ribbons to upgrade  pilgrim set Armour now I need bull horn armour and I need celestial ribbons for the same how it where should I get it i brought few from shops but still need few ribbons and bull horn.
He drops banger after banger 🔥🔥🔥
Banger.
🔥
Definitely fire
🔥🔥🔥
That little first strum of the guitar is so needed to hear after a boss battle
I like music a lot it's cool how a guitar has a guitar hand
🔥
Games fire to me
Would be more awesome if they play the songs when u fight yaoguai
This is amazing One of my favorite parts So funny I love it
Their music is refreshing and absolutely fire. The game (for PS5) needs some serious patches.
Nah I was jammin
🔥🔥🔥
Is that Kurt Cobain?
Trash Gucci mane would have been better
🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
版主已移除评论 Hello u/bigmiiitch777 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/bigmiiitch777 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I like it. 👍
🔥fucken love this guy
Absolutely cookin on them strings
Definitely fire
THIS is great cause it's a total new experices from lore to music, and I am so glad that they were able to create such a game.
It’s fire, but some bosses are so difficult…. Game is 🔥 I am 🗑️
Risky
I didn't like his voice, but the songs seemed good.
This music is just out there for me to listen to!!!!!!!!!! How come nobody told me this! Where are the public schools on this one!?!?!?!
