================================================================================  评论列表:
Damn, well done OP! Love the stance, angle, and lighting effects! Hopefully you'll be able to play it. track me thanks I even added a reference to dragon ball with the aureole and the red stick at the bottom right in tribute to Akira Toriyama, I hope to soon have enough commission to buy a computer with a 4090 😭🤣🤣 What is your current GPU? It actually runs reasonably well on moderate hardware. It runs great on my RX 6800, and even just pretty well on a 5700XT. Im on 1080 gtx And you can't run it? I have an rx 6600 and i7 6700k and can run the game on high that's weird Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things What the ?! You're able to run it on high with that ? Ive got an i7 12700k, 4070, 32gb ram and it's a slideshow on high with RT on. Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol That should actually run it just fine. Low to medium settings and frame generation and you should hit 60 fps relatively easily. I find the image generation horrible it makes the game "blurry" I prefer to wait to have the setup to play in optimal conditions ps: I had done the test on the benchmark, I turn on average at 15 fps ps2: I lack ram PS2 indeed lacks ram Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram ! Damn dude you do commissions? absolutely contact me by private message :) I’m looking to upgrade my graphics card too but I’ve read a few posts recommending to wait until the new RTX 50 series comes out. Would you know anything about this? honestly I don't know anything about it and yes I'm like you I wait to update my equipment only once rather than buying bit by bit
thanks I even added a reference to dragon ball with the aureole and the red stick at the bottom right in tribute to Akira Toriyama, I hope to soon have enough commission to buy a computer with a 4090 😭🤣🤣 What is your current GPU? It actually runs reasonably well on moderate hardware. It runs great on my RX 6800, and even just pretty well on a 5700XT. Im on 1080 gtx And you can't run it? I have an rx 6600 and i7 6700k and can run the game on high that's weird Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things What the ?! You're able to run it on high with that ? Ive got an i7 12700k, 4070, 32gb ram and it's a slideshow on high with RT on. Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol That should actually run it just fine. Low to medium settings and frame generation and you should hit 60 fps relatively easily. I find the image generation horrible it makes the game "blurry" I prefer to wait to have the setup to play in optimal conditions ps: I had done the test on the benchmark, I turn on average at 15 fps ps2: I lack ram PS2 indeed lacks ram Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram ! Damn dude you do commissions? absolutely contact me by private message :) I’m looking to upgrade my graphics card too but I’ve read a few posts recommending to wait until the new RTX 50 series comes out. Would you know anything about this? honestly I don't know anything about it and yes I'm like you I wait to update my equipment only once rather than buying bit by bit
What is your current GPU? It actually runs reasonably well on moderate hardware. It runs great on my RX 6800, and even just pretty well on a 5700XT. Im on 1080 gtx And you can't run it? I have an rx 6600 and i7 6700k and can run the game on high that's weird Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things What the ?! You're able to run it on high with that ? Ive got an i7 12700k, 4070, 32gb ram and it's a slideshow on high with RT on. Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol That should actually run it just fine. Low to medium settings and frame generation and you should hit 60 fps relatively easily. I find the image generation horrible it makes the game "blurry" I prefer to wait to have the setup to play in optimal conditions ps: I had done the test on the benchmark, I turn on average at 15 fps ps2: I lack ram PS2 indeed lacks ram Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram !
Im on 1080 gtx And you can't run it? I have an rx 6600 and i7 6700k and can run the game on high that's weird Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things What the ?! You're able to run it on high with that ? Ive got an i7 12700k, 4070, 32gb ram and it's a slideshow on high with RT on. Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol That should actually run it just fine. Low to medium settings and frame generation and you should hit 60 fps relatively easily. I find the image generation horrible it makes the game "blurry" I prefer to wait to have the setup to play in optimal conditions ps: I had done the test on the benchmark, I turn on average at 15 fps ps2: I lack ram PS2 indeed lacks ram Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram !
And you can't run it? I have an rx 6600 and i7 6700k and can run the game on high that's weird Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things What the ?! You're able to run it on high with that ? Ive got an i7 12700k, 4070, 32gb ram and it's a slideshow on high with RT on. Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol
Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things
Ah it's definitely your ram Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things
Second the RAM this game definitely needs at least 16, 16 or even 32gb of ddr4 should be pretty cheap and will go a long way in improving things
What the ?! You're able to run it on high with that ? Ive got an i7 12700k, 4070, 32gb ram and it's a slideshow on high with RT on. Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol
Wtf yeah I get 80-90 fps on high to very high. I have 32gb of vengeance ddr4 but you said you have the same amount that's super weird. I do use fsr a bit so that could be a reason. I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol
I've got 32gb ddr5 vengeance.. hardly getting 30 fps on max settings.. No other game has made me feel bad for my setup like it's not good enough since crysis lol
That should actually run it just fine. Low to medium settings and frame generation and you should hit 60 fps relatively easily. I find the image generation horrible it makes the game "blurry" I prefer to wait to have the setup to play in optimal conditions ps: I had done the test on the benchmark, I turn on average at 15 fps ps2: I lack ram PS2 indeed lacks ram Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram !
I find the image generation horrible it makes the game "blurry" I prefer to wait to have the setup to play in optimal conditions ps: I had done the test on the benchmark, I turn on average at 15 fps ps2: I lack ram PS2 indeed lacks ram Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram !
PS2 indeed lacks ram
Oh, wow. That's actually kind of interesting. Benchmarks show the 1080 as nearly identical to the 5700XT, but you're getting about 1/4 the fps. For that matter, I can get 30fps on my Steam Deck at 800p, so I expected a lot more from a 1080. I need more ram !
I need more ram !
Damn dude you do commissions? absolutely contact me by private message :)
absolutely contact me by private message :)
I’m looking to upgrade my graphics card too but I’ve read a few posts recommending to wait until the new RTX 50 series comes out. Would you know anything about this? honestly I don't know anything about it and yes I'm like you I wait to update my equipment only once rather than buying bit by bit
honestly I don't know anything about it and yes I'm like you I wait to update my equipment only once rather than buying bit by bit
Grab a month of geforcenow or boosteroid if youve already bought wukong. I haven't the game ,I've never used it, does it really work well? If there are servers near you and you have solid internet then absolutely superb. I only cloud game these days havent the space for a PC or Console. I pay for the higher tier of geforcenow and max every game at 4k with good frames. Although I'm probably going to move to boosteroid as they now have ultra servers in the UK and have a better selection of games. You still need to own the games but cloud gaming is a great option over really expensive upgrades to PCs or new consoles every few year and will run on anything. I can sit in a car park playing cyberpunk 2077 on my phones 5g and at home I use a 8" tablet with a bsp d8 controller or any of our smart TVs. Its really interesting to ear thanks you !! I neef new pc for my own work to but cloud gaming is great idea As long as your internet is at least 10 Mbps it should run fine.There is a free tier that is more or less to see if your internet is up to the task before subscribing.
I haven't the game ,I've never used it, does it really work well? If there are servers near you and you have solid internet then absolutely superb. I only cloud game these days havent the space for a PC or Console. I pay for the higher tier of geforcenow and max every game at 4k with good frames. Although I'm probably going to move to boosteroid as they now have ultra servers in the UK and have a better selection of games. You still need to own the games but cloud gaming is a great option over really expensive upgrades to PCs or new consoles every few year and will run on anything. I can sit in a car park playing cyberpunk 2077 on my phones 5g and at home I use a 8" tablet with a bsp d8 controller or any of our smart TVs. Its really interesting to ear thanks you !! I neef new pc for my own work to but cloud gaming is great idea As long as your internet is at least 10 Mbps it should run fine.There is a free tier that is more or less to see if your internet is up to the task before subscribing.
If there are servers near you and you have solid internet then absolutely superb. I only cloud game these days havent the space for a PC or Console. I pay for the higher tier of geforcenow and max every game at 4k with good frames. Although I'm probably going to move to boosteroid as they now have ultra servers in the UK and have a better selection of games. You still need to own the games but cloud gaming is a great option over really expensive upgrades to PCs or new consoles every few year and will run on anything. I can sit in a car park playing cyberpunk 2077 on my phones 5g and at home I use a 8" tablet with a bsp d8 controller or any of our smart TVs. Its really interesting to ear thanks you !! I neef new pc for my own work to but cloud gaming is great idea As long as your internet is at least 10 Mbps it should run fine.There is a free tier that is more or less to see if your internet is up to the task before subscribing.
Its really interesting to ear thanks you !! I neef new pc for my own work to but cloud gaming is great idea As long as your internet is at least 10 Mbps it should run fine.There is a free tier that is more or less to see if your internet is up to the task before subscribing.
As long as your internet is at least 10 Mbps it should run fine.There is a free tier that is more or less to see if your internet is up to the task before subscribing.
fck... 15 hrs per day? You are a mad man 😤 That hatchy render looks cool, especially embroidery thank you very much yeah I really did a lot an average day is usually around 10 hours lol, and thanks i have zoom alors in the image
thank you very much yeah I really did a lot an average day is usually around 10 hours lol, and thanks i have zoom alors in the image
You could use GeForce now to play it
Maybe change your gpu, i just uss 6700xt 2nd on my laptop, and it run really well. This game running heavy task on gpu imo.
BRO THIS IS FIRE thanks you so much I hope you do commissions because I would love to commission you some day they are open, keep my name somewhere or am I on any social mediaI am looking for one at the moment I'll keep you in mind for the future
thanks you so much I hope you do commissions because I would love to commission you some day they are open, keep my name somewhere or am I on any social mediaI am looking for one at the moment I'll keep you in mind for the future
I hope you do commissions because I would love to commission you some day they are open, keep my name somewhere or am I on any social mediaI am looking for one at the moment I'll keep you in mind for the future
they are open, keep my name somewhere or am I on any social mediaI am looking for one at the moment I'll keep you in mind for the future
I'll keep you in mind for the future
Can I use it for my wallpaper! If its personal use hell yeah ! Aye! I've been looking for a good black myth Sun wulong wallpaper for my phone! So thank you! Have fun and thanks you again No! Thank you!! :DDDD
If its personal use hell yeah ! Aye! I've been looking for a good black myth Sun wulong wallpaper for my phone! So thank you! Have fun and thanks you again No! Thank you!! :DDDD
Aye! I've been looking for a good black myth Sun wulong wallpaper for my phone! So thank you! Have fun and thanks you again No! Thank you!! :DDDD
Have fun and thanks you again No! Thank you!! :DDDD
No! Thank you!! :DDDD
:DDDD
amazing!
That Yaksha drip goes hard 🔥
Really cool but what's that behind him?
Don't give up, I wanted to play Elden Ring but didn't got the money and my PC didn't run it at the time, this summer I finally upgraded but left ER to play Wukong and damn what a fantastic game, absolutely worth it to build a PC just to play this game. Btw the draw is amazing!! I am in the same situation, moreover the main artist of Wukong is one of my greatest sources of inspiration in the world of professional art, upgrading my machine is also a professional need, it will be really profitable, just a question of time And thanks you!!!
I am in the same situation, moreover the main artist of Wukong is one of my greatest sources of inspiration in the world of professional art, upgrading my machine is also a professional need, it will be really profitable, just a question of time
And thanks you!!!
This is so good I figured it was released by Game Science. Very well done, OP!!!
Fucking beautiful bro! Hope you get to play it soon.
Try GeForce now free plan
Amazing work! I’ve been wanting to do a portrait of Destined One too ever since I got the game. Hahhaa this feeling is great And thanks you
Hahhaa this feeling is great
And thanks you
Damn bro, this is FIRE! Keep up the great work, and I hope you'll get to enjoy the game soon! I'll keep you posted if I can play I'll probably illustrate every boss in the game
I'll keep you posted if I can play I'll probably illustrate every boss in the game
Wow that’s impressive, great job! Hope you do more. :)
Use Cloud Computer mate.
amazing painting. hope you upgrade your PC soon cause man playing on PC is crazy good yes in the meantime I play gosthrunner and I finished prey which is also very good but as soon as I can upgrade my machine I will master wukong, damn this game is literally the art of the guy who motivated me to paint who made it ahaha
yes in the meantime I play gosthrunner and I finished prey which is also very good but as soon as I can upgrade my machine I will master wukong, damn this game is literally the art of the guy who motivated me to paint who made it ahaha
This will be a bit long, but I want to discuss several things with you. First, I love your art! If you don't mind, can I use it as my phone background? Always love to use unique art like this for my backgrounds. The coloring, the light effects, they all pop. Sun Wukong is such a fascinating character that has influenced so many things in our culture. Second, I was in the same boat as you. I have waited for this since the initial trailer years ago. I have an aged gaming PC that also cooks my room when it's on full blast, it's now hooked up to my TV as a media player when I watch things. I had a Steam Deck, the LED one, but it had an issue where it would randomly hard crash while playing anything, usually in under an hour. I could have dealt with an RMA, but took the bite to get the OLED Steam Deck. While not ideal for the game, it will play decently if you change some BIOS settings and cap the frame rate at 30 fps in the game settings. Also, the graphics are pretty low. Like I said, not ideal but the frame rate is pretty consistent so definitely playable. Also if you don't mind, what are your PC specs? I am just wondering if a couple cheap upgrades can at least make it playable, or if you are looking at needing an all-new top end PC. The game is very demanding but if you can deal with it not being jaw-dropping to look at, you might be able to play it without breaking the bank. thank you very much and absolutely my friend, on the contrary I am very honored that you use it as a wallpaper and yes I love Wukong a lot, my first contact with him was Dragon Ball which I have been madly in love with since my childhood and every time I see Wukong it reminds me of my childhood by inversion lol. Are you Chinese? Thank you very much for all these thoughtful recommendations, in reality I have already thought about doing a slight upgrade but I told myself that I prefer to wait a little and completely change my machine because in any case it will be better to have a new working environment for my work in art, it is a little longer and a more expensive investment at the moment but I will probably not change machines before 10 years after that, and it is for another reason too, the artistic work of Game Science by Yangqi is so great for me that I want to play the least degraded experience possible! same for the game osts that I listen to in general I buy the cd to have a super quality I really like that but it doesn't matter I have a lot of games that I haven't done yet that my pc runs well, I just need a little patience and like that I could chain the game and the dlc in one go :D
thank you very much and absolutely my friend, on the contrary I am very honored that you use it as a wallpaper and yes I love Wukong a lot, my first contact with him was Dragon Ball which I have been madly in love with since my childhood and every time I see Wukong it reminds me of my childhood by inversion lol. Are you Chinese? Thank you very much for all these thoughtful recommendations, in reality I have already thought about doing a slight upgrade but I told myself that I prefer to wait a little and completely change my machine because in any case it will be better to have a new working environment for my work in art, it is a little longer and a more expensive investment at the moment but I will probably not change machines before 10 years after that, and it is for another reason too, the artistic work of Game Science by Yangqi is so great for me that I want to play the least degraded experience possible! same for the game osts that I listen to in general I buy the cd to have a super quality I really like that but it doesn't matter I have a lot of games that I haven't done yet that my pc runs well, I just need a little patience and like that I could chain the game and the dlc in one go :D
That is badasss!!!
Amazing, a question though, he seems holding a staff with right hand, what is he pulling out from ear?
Wish I had some money myself so I could lend you some support. Great art man.
Looking great! But the hand looks reversed?
Why can't your PC run it? I have a 2070 super that I just upgraded you can have for free if it's a graphics card issue. I was going to sell it but I'd rather a fan enjoy the game
Try the program lossless scaling
Hello man, maybe I have a solutions for you. Have you ever tried GeForceNow? It is a cloud streaming service that let you play the game by internet connection rather than your pc hardware.lt's how I am playing it since my pc is potato too.
Fantastic did you draw that?
A beautiful piece. You are talented. I hope you can play the game eventually.
Good job! Have you tried the PlayStation route?
I have it and it runs super laggy on my desktop (3060 12gb and r5 5500). Even dropped to 720p and low settings. And barely gets a little above 60fps. Yet I run it on my Legion Go and it’s fine. I don’t think I have it installed to my main SSD tho. I have to double check as that may be my issue.
use GeForce now.
Hello OP, if you have good internet speed and can afford Geforce Now Ultimate. You can totally play this game and beat it within a month. That's what I did. So I can play on my Samsung smart TV with a controller and sometime on my PC without using my pc hardware.  I played it on cinematic max settings with ray tracing for just $20 and good internet.
This is sick af
So cool!!!
Very dope
I know the feeling. When Elden Ring came out I bought it for PC but I got the white screen of death when I loaded it. Something in my PC couldn’t handle it. I had to borrow a PS4 and do my first few runs on that. Made sure to by a solid PC since then. Def worth it since games like wukong graphics wise will start to be the norm
One word: Beautiful.
Brah if you're in Texas come pay on my ps5
Let your art pay for your new computer
Beautiful!  This would be proud on the wall of any fan of the game. Good job!
This is so beautiful you should be beyond proud of yourself my friend (:
What's your PC specs? I finished the game on a ROG Ally, the graphics look like shit but the game is still enjoyable. I'm holding my NG+ for a new PC.
Ok see you don’t mostly need a 4090 brother, tell me what your resolution is and if ray tracing is important to you(I 100% need ray tracing for faces like Wukong because it has integrated path tracing) and I’ll suggest a good GPU, and also drop in your pc specs
版主已移除评论
GeForce Now bro. It’s better than anything you could think of. I run mine on a potato.
Nice drawing thanks you so much You are welcome You should get into animation, your painting skills will be much needed there I don't know anything about the animation industry if you have any recommendations and details it would be very pleasantly received
thanks you so much You are welcome You should get into animation, your painting skills will be much needed there I don't know anything about the animation industry if you have any recommendations and details it would be very pleasantly received
You are welcome
You should get into animation, your painting skills will be much needed there I don't know anything about the animation industry if you have any recommendations and details it would be very pleasantly received
I don't know anything about the animation industry if you have any recommendations and details it would be very pleasantly received
Great rendering but the foreshortened left forearm though….
Like your painting! Especially the details. Ty for sharing.❤️ It's rare that I go into this much detail but it's incredibly cool to do, thank you very much
It's rare that I go into this much detail but it's incredibly cool to do, thank you very much
If I could help you with a PC I would ! That art is absolutely incredible! Hope you get to play soon !
The PS5 Pro is only $700
Buy steam deck.
Its really good but Wow.30 hours? Coudnt you do some lawn moving sor smnth instead? You would be able to buy it.
(Sob story) Please upvote and praise me :*( Am I in r/pics ?
Have you tried geoforce now? Honestly a lifesaver my pc is 13 years old and running a gtx 1070 ti, but geforce now lets me play games like bg3 that would otherwise be a frameshow. Super easy to setup and only 9.99 a month
用户已删除评论 hum
hum
Hey OP, send me a PM. I have a 3080 that I can send you, along with some RAM and SSD. this is Noel ?
this is Noel ?
Get a ps5 pro for 700 dollars. Problem solved 😒 I thought the Pro units haven't been revealed yet or am I just out of the loop? I don't really like consoles and at this price I could almost buy a new PC lol
I thought the Pro units haven't been revealed yet or am I just out of the loop?
I don't really like consoles and at this price I could almost buy a new PC lol
That's awesome thanks you !!
thanks you !!
🔥 thanks!!
thanks!!
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Still-Finger8784 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Still-Finger8784 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
how i feel using q-tips in the mirror after playing this game, anyways this is dope as hell!
My mid-tier PC runs it at 60 with a tiny bit of tearing. Whats your PC a potato? potato yes
potato yes
You ARE the Destined one 🙏.
by the love of God…
版主已移除评论 Do you do commissions? And if so how much?
Do you do commissions? And if so how much?
If it's "blurry" Try turning motion blur off that might be the problem
Awesome thanks
thanks
Dumb it down. My 2060 and my ROG Ally can both run it smoothly.
Go to an internet cafe :) I live in the countryside, my neighbors are cows and sheep aha
I live in the countryside, my neighbors are cows and sheep aha
This is amazing! Good job! thanks you so much
thanks you so much
I have good news, check out a little something called Boosteroid / GeForce Now and enjoy. I was told about it, it seems nice
I was told about it, it seems nice
This is so amazing dude! I pray you can play this masterpiece! If you’re thinking of doing anything else I would love to see Erlang. thanks a lot mate it's probably in my list somewhere, I have a WarHammer painting to finish before but probably after yeah
thanks a lot mate it's probably in my list somewhere, I have a WarHammer painting to finish before but probably after yeah
Not trying to hate on it. I can’t do anything remotely close to it. But the thumb is messing with my brain. it is indeed on the good side but many received it as in the bad direction this is a mistake on my part you are right
it is indeed on the good side but many received it as in the bad direction this is a mistake on my part you are right
Don’t take this the wrong way, but if you’ve waited 3 years, then you knew this game was going to be demanding. You’ve had 3 years to save money. You don’t need a crazy PC to run this unless you you’re expecting to run 4k max graphics high FPS. If you’re struggling then grab a ps5 for now to enjoy it I was a student with no income
I was a student with no income
Lovely dude thanks dude
thanks dude
I got the game free with my new videocard. Time to upgrade dude ohhh yes
ohhh yes
That’s awesome, good fuckin job thanks you so much
thanks you so much
I have to wait a couple years until the computer which can run this game becomes common and cheap💀💀 maybe for me too we'll see ahaha
maybe for me too we'll see ahaha
Get GeForce now ultimate and crank that baby to Max settings and enjoy the game on your computer. yes
yes
5600xt and 6600 on medium 1080p is fine for me as much as i like to go 4070ti s, maybe when a huge price drop happen  next year But having 8gb vram sucks, few windows tab and other apps open makes the game unplayable yeah even for painting sometimes it sucks
yeah even for painting sometimes it sucks
I have 12100f 32gb ram and RX6600. Runs around 40-60 FPS and so far okay. Never below 40 FPS. good
good
As far as we are concerned, you have a totally valid reason to buy a new pc. yes it will happen
yes it will happen
Just kept this as my desktop wallpaper. Amazing stuff. oooh thanks you
oooh thanks you
Dam, amazing work. Good luck finding a way to play it. thanks you so much
thanks you so much
If that’s painted digitally than i’m not impressed
DOPE!! Ty
Ty
I’m just in love with this art. Ty so much
Ty so much
My guy people are playing through the whole game on Steam Deck. You can absolutely run it. All you need is a second stick of 8gb ram, and you'll be able to do medium settings over 60 fps more than likely.
theres no way this took you 2 days/30 hours. this is like, a months work at least
That's why you just get a ps5 ...
The game is almost unplayable for me at times using an i7 12700K, RTX 4080 Super, 64GB DDR4. It keeps freezing and crashing 😭 seriously?
seriously?
