================================================================================  评论列表:
honestly at max level they should just let players be full Wukong and have this move set + his boss grab animations track me They kinda sorta did that with if you have full 6 senses you can use wukong stance outside of mount huaguo isn't it time limited tho? it is for that section but I heard you unlock that wukong stance fully for the whole playthrough if you beat the game 3 times over while doing the secret ending each time. edit: also gotta wear the armor too I think that unlock is still only a temporary thing when used Yes I’m on NG4 so have all relics maxed out. You only get the stance when you wear his armor/weapon from chapter 6 AND it’s only for 30-60sec when you have full focus. Otherwise the game is beautifully amazing & I loved it! bro, I'm hard stuck at the stone monkey (first play through) :') Make sure you beat erlang shen first or you won't unlock the 6th relic nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls). You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards. You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses Serpentscale armor set helped me a ton as the fight is in water so you get a good buff Nah they mean let you do THAT just like the video. Probably my biggest “issue” with it. We spend the whole game working towards basically becoming him. We see what he can do. After we accomplish our goal, we can’t do a third of what he can. Let me be just like him They need to save that for the sequel
They kinda sorta did that with if you have full 6 senses you can use wukong stance outside of mount huaguo isn't it time limited tho? it is for that section but I heard you unlock that wukong stance fully for the whole playthrough if you beat the game 3 times over while doing the secret ending each time. edit: also gotta wear the armor too I think that unlock is still only a temporary thing when used Yes I’m on NG4 so have all relics maxed out. You only get the stance when you wear his armor/weapon from chapter 6 AND it’s only for 30-60sec when you have full focus. Otherwise the game is beautifully amazing & I loved it! bro, I'm hard stuck at the stone monkey (first play through) :') Make sure you beat erlang shen first or you won't unlock the 6th relic nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls). You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards. You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses Serpentscale armor set helped me a ton as the fight is in water so you get a good buff Nah they mean let you do THAT just like the video. Probably my biggest “issue” with it. We spend the whole game working towards basically becoming him. We see what he can do. After we accomplish our goal, we can’t do a third of what he can. Let me be just like him
isn't it time limited tho? it is for that section but I heard you unlock that wukong stance fully for the whole playthrough if you beat the game 3 times over while doing the secret ending each time. edit: also gotta wear the armor too I think that unlock is still only a temporary thing when used Yes I’m on NG4 so have all relics maxed out. You only get the stance when you wear his armor/weapon from chapter 6 AND it’s only for 30-60sec when you have full focus. Otherwise the game is beautifully amazing & I loved it! bro, I'm hard stuck at the stone monkey (first play through) :') Make sure you beat erlang shen first or you won't unlock the 6th relic nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls). You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards. You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses Serpentscale armor set helped me a ton as the fight is in water so you get a good buff
it is for that section but I heard you unlock that wukong stance fully for the whole playthrough if you beat the game 3 times over while doing the secret ending each time. edit: also gotta wear the armor too I think that unlock is still only a temporary thing when used Yes I’m on NG4 so have all relics maxed out. You only get the stance when you wear his armor/weapon from chapter 6 AND it’s only for 30-60sec when you have full focus. Otherwise the game is beautifully amazing & I loved it! bro, I'm hard stuck at the stone monkey (first play through) :') Make sure you beat erlang shen first or you won't unlock the 6th relic nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls). You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards. You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses Serpentscale armor set helped me a ton as the fight is in water so you get a good buff
I think that unlock is still only a temporary thing when used Yes I’m on NG4 so have all relics maxed out. You only get the stance when you wear his armor/weapon from chapter 6 AND it’s only for 30-60sec when you have full focus. Otherwise the game is beautifully amazing & I loved it!
Yes I’m on NG4 so have all relics maxed out. You only get the stance when you wear his armor/weapon from chapter 6 AND it’s only for 30-60sec when you have full focus. Otherwise the game is beautifully amazing & I loved it!
bro, I'm hard stuck at the stone monkey (first play through) :') Make sure you beat erlang shen first or you won't unlock the 6th relic nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls). You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards. You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses Serpentscale armor set helped me a ton as the fight is in water so you get a good buff
Make sure you beat erlang shen first or you won't unlock the 6th relic nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls). You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards. You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses
nah, it's on my ego now, i brought that mf down to 30% in phase 2, just need a few more tries (yes, I come from dark souls).
You still unlock 6th relic if you beat erlang shen after defeating Great Sage
So you can actually do secret ending after normal ending & still get the relic, you just have to beat the normal ending again afterwards.
You get the relic from wukong but the point for the relic comes erlang. Unless others bosses
Serpentscale armor set helped me a ton as the fight is in water so you get a good buff
Nah they mean let you do THAT just like the video. Probably my biggest “issue” with it. We spend the whole game working towards basically becoming him. We see what he can do. After we accomplish our goal, we can’t do a third of what he can. Let me be just like him
They need to save that for the sequel
He's beginning to believe Next to this our monke is just the Walmart version Temu Version Doller store version Wish.com No Destined Monke Slander! Even in the wukong stance lol id kill for that grab & the multiple teleport move where he kicks all the staffs as an unlock. Neo should have downloaded journey to the west.
Next to this our monke is just the Walmart version Temu Version Doller store version Wish.com No Destined Monke Slander! Even in the wukong stance lol id kill for that grab & the multiple teleport move where he kicks all the staffs as an unlock.
Temu Version Doller store version
Doller store version
Wish.com
No Destined Monke Slander!
Even in the wukong stance lol id kill for that grab & the multiple teleport move where he kicks all the staffs as an unlock.
Neo should have downloaded journey to the west.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: candyboy23 点赞: 101 时间: 2024-09-12T14:55:24.360000+0000 内容: This should be default after NG++. *Wukong Set Only.
Just how?! Modded the moves from the final boss fight to your character I'm so ready for the full erlang moveset Yeah wtf. Op needs to tell us. I wanna know too! Yeah i wonder too
Modded the moves from the final boss fight to your character I'm so ready for the full erlang moveset
I'm so ready for the full erlang moveset
Yeah wtf. Op needs to tell us.
I wanna know too!
Yeah i wonder too
OMG, I just realized after watching this video that OG Wukong's movesets are taken from real life Shaolin Staff Technique! What a labour of love from Game Science 😭 Let's be real here, Wukong wrote the book on all Shaolin martial arts.
Let's be real here, Wukong wrote the book on all Shaolin martial arts.
Why CAN'T WE USE THIS after collecting all relic points??? Devs should allow this. And add a "Mocking" level that the players need to perform to restore the skillsets. Not having a way to obtain this moveset in the base game is absolutely CRIMINAL. what a tragedy. I still have hope that modders will come to the rescue and make it available to download and play.
Not having a way to obtain this moveset in the base game is absolutely CRIMINAL. what a tragedy. I still have hope that modders will come to the rescue and make it available to download and play.
that is lore accurate 100% the Monkey King right there. the Havoc In Heaven - Victorious Fighting Budda He did all that yet still got bodied by red boy and yellow brow in Journey to the west. Make it make sense please. In the journey he did not have his armor. Only thing i can think of. Also his battles were kind of.. controversial. He was really durable, but his offensive power was just a staff he can make longer and larger. And he was constantly asking for help from Guanyin. I’ve always hated that from Journey to the West. Dude supposed to be so OP but constantly needs help. Even Yellowbrow in the game says “when that monkey was alive he was all weeping and begging for help” Good on Game science for acknowledging that! I mean.. he was not supposed to be that strong. Even in the novel Erlang beat his ass. With help from Lao Zi as well but he beat him still. From a novel written in the 1500s i don't expect an all-powerful character being the protagonist, after all. (Yes, to people who believe it.. Tripitaka is not the protagonist, he is a blank character with no personality and would have died in the first chapters without Wukong) He got nerfed by the Buddha to humble him because he was 4 ears away from becoming a macaque. I mean.. the crown did not make him weaker tho. Just controlled in case he went against Tripitaka's will. By the way i wish the author of JttW elaborated more on the other 4 celestial primates like Wukong. The macaque was kind of like an antagonist. I don't remember the other two.. Yellow brow makes sense because he kinda has the Buddha cheat items. The bag he carries supposedly contains an entire universe within itself. It is like a world item. Super OP. Even his master, which is the Buddha of the future, couldn't take him head on and needed to rely on a scheme with Wukong in order to take it back. Red boy is really just that powerful. His true flame is like the only thing that can harm Wukong. He sort of has the elemental advantage in the fight. And he is also a yaoguai on par with Wukong by birth, since his father is a demon king known to be on the similar power level of Wukong. Yeah Wukong is op but has his limits. In Chinese mythology, everything outside the Nirvana are part of the cycle, that includes the heavenly court. Wukong is among the most powerful beings within the cycle, but still generally no match against Buddhas. However, many monsters he ended up encountering are associated with Buddhas in some way, which tend to make them super OP.
He did all that yet still got bodied by red boy and yellow brow in Journey to the west. Make it make sense please. In the journey he did not have his armor. Only thing i can think of. Also his battles were kind of.. controversial. He was really durable, but his offensive power was just a staff he can make longer and larger. And he was constantly asking for help from Guanyin. I’ve always hated that from Journey to the West. Dude supposed to be so OP but constantly needs help. Even Yellowbrow in the game says “when that monkey was alive he was all weeping and begging for help” Good on Game science for acknowledging that! I mean.. he was not supposed to be that strong. Even in the novel Erlang beat his ass. With help from Lao Zi as well but he beat him still. From a novel written in the 1500s i don't expect an all-powerful character being the protagonist, after all. (Yes, to people who believe it.. Tripitaka is not the protagonist, he is a blank character with no personality and would have died in the first chapters without Wukong) He got nerfed by the Buddha to humble him because he was 4 ears away from becoming a macaque. I mean.. the crown did not make him weaker tho. Just controlled in case he went against Tripitaka's will. By the way i wish the author of JttW elaborated more on the other 4 celestial primates like Wukong. The macaque was kind of like an antagonist. I don't remember the other two.. Yellow brow makes sense because he kinda has the Buddha cheat items. The bag he carries supposedly contains an entire universe within itself. It is like a world item. Super OP. Even his master, which is the Buddha of the future, couldn't take him head on and needed to rely on a scheme with Wukong in order to take it back. Red boy is really just that powerful. His true flame is like the only thing that can harm Wukong. He sort of has the elemental advantage in the fight. And he is also a yaoguai on par with Wukong by birth, since his father is a demon king known to be on the similar power level of Wukong. Yeah Wukong is op but has his limits. In Chinese mythology, everything outside the Nirvana are part of the cycle, that includes the heavenly court. Wukong is among the most powerful beings within the cycle, but still generally no match against Buddhas. However, many monsters he ended up encountering are associated with Buddhas in some way, which tend to make them super OP.
In the journey he did not have his armor. Only thing i can think of. Also his battles were kind of.. controversial. He was really durable, but his offensive power was just a staff he can make longer and larger. And he was constantly asking for help from Guanyin. I’ve always hated that from Journey to the West. Dude supposed to be so OP but constantly needs help. Even Yellowbrow in the game says “when that monkey was alive he was all weeping and begging for help” Good on Game science for acknowledging that! I mean.. he was not supposed to be that strong. Even in the novel Erlang beat his ass. With help from Lao Zi as well but he beat him still. From a novel written in the 1500s i don't expect an all-powerful character being the protagonist, after all. (Yes, to people who believe it.. Tripitaka is not the protagonist, he is a blank character with no personality and would have died in the first chapters without Wukong) He got nerfed by the Buddha to humble him because he was 4 ears away from becoming a macaque. I mean.. the crown did not make him weaker tho. Just controlled in case he went against Tripitaka's will. By the way i wish the author of JttW elaborated more on the other 4 celestial primates like Wukong. The macaque was kind of like an antagonist. I don't remember the other two..
And he was constantly asking for help from Guanyin. I’ve always hated that from Journey to the West. Dude supposed to be so OP but constantly needs help. Even Yellowbrow in the game says “when that monkey was alive he was all weeping and begging for help” Good on Game science for acknowledging that! I mean.. he was not supposed to be that strong. Even in the novel Erlang beat his ass. With help from Lao Zi as well but he beat him still. From a novel written in the 1500s i don't expect an all-powerful character being the protagonist, after all. (Yes, to people who believe it.. Tripitaka is not the protagonist, he is a blank character with no personality and would have died in the first chapters without Wukong)
I mean.. he was not supposed to be that strong. Even in the novel Erlang beat his ass. With help from Lao Zi as well but he beat him still. From a novel written in the 1500s i don't expect an all-powerful character being the protagonist, after all. (Yes, to people who believe it.. Tripitaka is not the protagonist, he is a blank character with no personality and would have died in the first chapters without Wukong)
He got nerfed by the Buddha to humble him because he was 4 ears away from becoming a macaque. I mean.. the crown did not make him weaker tho. Just controlled in case he went against Tripitaka's will. By the way i wish the author of JttW elaborated more on the other 4 celestial primates like Wukong. The macaque was kind of like an antagonist. I don't remember the other two..
I mean.. the crown did not make him weaker tho. Just controlled in case he went against Tripitaka's will. By the way i wish the author of JttW elaborated more on the other 4 celestial primates like Wukong. The macaque was kind of like an antagonist. I don't remember the other two..
Yellow brow makes sense because he kinda has the Buddha cheat items. The bag he carries supposedly contains an entire universe within itself. It is like a world item. Super OP. Even his master, which is the Buddha of the future, couldn't take him head on and needed to rely on a scheme with Wukong in order to take it back. Red boy is really just that powerful. His true flame is like the only thing that can harm Wukong. He sort of has the elemental advantage in the fight. And he is also a yaoguai on par with Wukong by birth, since his father is a demon king known to be on the similar power level of Wukong. Yeah Wukong is op but has his limits. In Chinese mythology, everything outside the Nirvana are part of the cycle, that includes the heavenly court. Wukong is among the most powerful beings within the cycle, but still generally no match against Buddhas. However, many monsters he ended up encountering are associated with Buddhas in some way, which tend to make them super OP.
After NG+10 😂 make this a DLC At least NG+ 4 after you max out the relics
At least NG+ 4 after you max out the relics
They should just lets us have this once we have gotten all the relic perks, I mean it’s almost ng+ 4 at that point, just let us have fun! Lol
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: therealdovahkiin1 点赞: 12 时间: 2024-09-12T14:40:05.788000+0000 内容: Chat is this real?
Monke fucks so hard lol
Make this in dlc
His little chuckles 😩
I want this
I am the boss ahhh moveset
For the first few seconds thought it was a glitch where he didn't have a head. Still accurate, but kinda surprised me when I noticed he was just hunched over lol
We don't even get the voicelines of wukong, let alone this We do, its just the moveset of the final boss
We do, its just the moveset of the final boss
I haven’t beaten the game yet, I’m only on chapter 3 final boss. Do you acquire any of these moves at the end when you acquire the final armor? This looks so badass I’m just curious how strong you actually get. You get a tiny bit. The best of which is the 4 focus point charge smash. What you see here is the move set of the final boss that got modded into the player character Still cool and all but damn I wish that pillar stance to bouncing off the other staffs was a move you get cause god damn that was clean
You get a tiny bit. The best of which is the 4 focus point charge smash. What you see here is the move set of the final boss that got modded into the player character Still cool and all but damn I wish that pillar stance to bouncing off the other staffs was a move you get cause god damn that was clean
Still cool and all but damn I wish that pillar stance to bouncing off the other staffs was a move you get cause god damn that was clean
I'm gonna need a download link as soon as possible.
Monkey!
Missing only a true stretch of the staff to infinity
How can you do that? For real man. They’re being hella stingy with the information
For real man. They’re being hella stingy with the information
Really wish we couldve gotten these moves when beating the game a few times
This looks like the moveset the final boss uses against you
I just came
Must be some really durable ice
I believe someone mentioned that after a few NG+ you will lock the 5th dot then it will unlock some of his moves
They need to have this moveset be available to us in the dlc or something. Having to play through the game 3 times to get all relics for a 60 second stance is criminal. They should just let us have this moveset when we equip his armor and staff. Would make the game way more fun to play on repeat playthroughs
WHY can’t we play like this. I expected the ultimate power fantasy getting to play as the most broken fictional character ever, just for me to feel like a average souls protag with a couple of spells and a stick. Glad I’m not the only one that feels that way. This moveset right here would be way more fun and feel more “God of war-like” how the devs actually described. But no, that was a lie and it’s more so just slightly enhanced souls combat
Glad I’m not the only one that feels that way. This moveset right here would be way more fun and feel more “God of war-like” how the devs actually described. But no, that was a lie and it’s more so just slightly enhanced souls combat
This is actual in game combat?
Holy shit
do you have uncompressed version of this video?
Not quite, but getting there. If truly lore accurate, everything within 100 miles radius of him would be gone.
How does one achieve this power?
This just should have been wukong stance honestly, the one we get is kinda boring
They should take this moveset and start you off with getting the whole thing in the sequel to this game. That way you make it a bigger hack and slash, plus scale up the enemy numbers and the size of the boss fights
This is the LINK to the paid trainer used to achieve the gameplay shown in the video above. If anyone manages to download the trainer from the link provided and is willing to share, please consider uploading it to a popular hosting service for others to access.
damn, thats some strong ass ice.
Bro are you ok?!
Lore accurate Wukong vs Not-so lore accurate frozen lake 😁
Grand Monke indeed
When the DLC drops we better be just like this all the time lol
Hopefully we get some of these movesets in the upcoming expansion
Literally just make this a whole fighting style locked behind a skill tree. That is just a upgrade to the other 3 stances of make it part of a 4th stance lol
How do you do this
I’d be ok if wukong stance after finishing the game 3 times had the same moves as the one where we fight erlang at the beguinning
Not since Devil May Cry 3 have I been this jealous of the final boss’s moveset and toolkit compared to mine
I know it would break the game but damn I wish that it would be a secret stance after beating the game (or at least we could be able to use the one from ch 6 anywhere)
I need to go to the zoo, pockets full'a 🍌, and pay respects to the local Wukong offspring.
Can you Get it ... It's edited it supposed to be a fight between the broken Wukong
Please release this on Nexus
What the fuck I’m literally only at the beginning of chapter 3. You can do this kind of shit later on ????
link?
UltraWukong 🔥
this is the coolest thing i've seen this week
this is real man
We should've got this moveset 😭😭😭😭
Actually lore accurate there’d be like 70 of you 84000*
84000*
I WANT THIS MOVESET ON MY PS5 DAMMIT!
not accurate - he has a healthbar
Boss vs when you unlock him
Wukong 0 - ice 1
dude i want this so badly
Video is awesome!! Looking forward to playing this game!!! Hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you can’t do any of what you see in the video. At all. This is modded. The game is primarily light attacks, a heavy attack, and then dodging, dodging and more dodging. I also thought this is what the game was going to be.  It’s a little disappointing.
Hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you can’t do any of what you see in the video. At all. This is modded. The game is primarily light attacks, a heavy attack, and then dodging, dodging and more dodging. I also thought this is what the game was going to be.  It’s a little disappointing.
How the fuck are you doing that?
How cool is that?! I'm officially impressed 😁 Well done.
Is that a fcking reupload or op's gameplay?
Sir please step away from the controller
How did you even do this. I know it’s not in the game normally but how. It’s the final boss
It’s the final boss
But of course we can never have the cool nice stuff
Why is Wukong smaller than Erlang Shen in the game (like almost half the height)? Is that lore accurate? monkees are small his about 130cm
monkees are small
his about 130cm
Lore as in Book ? If so, def not quite. Picking one aspect, it would be real funny to see an actual monkey (1.2m) holding a huge (7m) staff that’s actually got the circumference of a bowl. Very cool ngl
I want
Ngl, I thought you were just going to jump and go out of the game boundaries lol
Did he just press one button to unleashed all these moves at once?
Ok what did I just watch and how can I do that myself?
that's why call him Fight-Victory-Buddha
And I'm still stuck on the water snake boss
Wait how u do this
There are only two endings. What ending will you choose
What the wukong stance should have been:
edited video
The request for this to be modded in game is high in demand this will definitely bring a lot of players back even if they beat it 5 times lol
Lore accurate Wukong would be if he could one hit most bosses because in the story, most yaoguais and even boss level ones couldn't withstand a smack from a 17k pound staff.
Is this a hard game?
版主已移除评论 The video showcases a paid trainer that allows you to transform into Wukong's remain body. Each of Dasheng's abilities is activated using a separate hotkey.
The video showcases a paid trainer that allows you to transform into Wukong's remain body. Each of Dasheng's abilities is activated using a separate hotkey.
This is how the Wukong stance should really be. Ik you can do most of the moves but it’s nowhere near as flashy
Even better if you could have the option to turn on immortality after getting all relics maxed out
Where to find the armor?
Okay that looks dope about to play more
Anyone figure out how to get this to work? I know there's a paid trainer but I don't understand chinese >_<
How can I get this
How do you even get these moves ? Like that’s just sooo insane
Come onnn we need these moves
One weird thing: Why he isn't fighting like that in intro fight. Lazy Devs ? He wasn't trying to win in the intro. He was testing whether the restrictive headband would reappear. Besides, he is best buddies with Erlang and needed him to play along with his long plan to rid himself of that one thing that holds him back.
He wasn't trying to win in the intro. He was testing whether the restrictive headband would reappear. Besides, he is best buddies with Erlang and needed him to play along with his long plan to rid himself of that one thing that holds him back.
Goku better
