================================================================================  评论列表:
The transformation, he just literally help me beat the game with the quick slide attack he does. I had barely any health.. and the final boss barely had health. I was scared to go in, when I noticed the cool down ended for the transformation. I changed  did the attack and the fight was over. I swear I almost had a heart attack lol track me Same thing happened for me, but against the Black Loong, after many many attempts. If the shhockwaves were what killed you you can just stand on a rock instead of jumping over them Thanks for the help, I eventually realised this. It definitely helped, what didn't help is the big lump destroying all of the rocks near me meaning I had to make a run for one the other side of the battle zone. In all honesty though, this game has a great balance of making it difficult enough to be a challenge, but also achievable. 用户已删除评论 🤯 Bro!!!! This is amazing. What did I not know this. What do you mean? Hit escape? Bruh, you guys were smart enough to stand on a rock or jump. I was dumb enough to just roll through them with i-frames. Souls games have rotted my mind. I was playing rhyhtm games with the loong every attempt and counting like a metronome. You can dodge through them too! I tried jumping and it was impossible. Dodging sideways worked haha I don’t bang my head on fights more than 3-4 times. That just means I am missing something. Lo and behold watched the video on the fight and saw that damn rock lol 😝 Jump. Jump. Jump, dodge, jump. I beat Black Loong yesterday, also helped by 2 Red Tides transformations. The shockwave attack is can be difficult to avoid because during some attempts the rocks were smashed. If you get the timing of the shocks right you can actually land a fully charged heavy attack without risk. I used the Pillar stance for this because it has good reach. Yellow long broke my back last night. It's like the final move in an anime fight between the strongest adversaries.  I fkn love this game for that.  Happens quite often too.  Not artificial either. Many fights come down to the wire while we're dishing out our best moves. Yeah, what's really cool is you can transform right before you're about to get smashed and you take no damage if you're in mid-transformation. I use that tactic a lot during difficult boss fights.
Same thing happened for me, but against the Black Loong, after many many attempts. If the shhockwaves were what killed you you can just stand on a rock instead of jumping over them Thanks for the help, I eventually realised this. It definitely helped, what didn't help is the big lump destroying all of the rocks near me meaning I had to make a run for one the other side of the battle zone. In all honesty though, this game has a great balance of making it difficult enough to be a challenge, but also achievable. 用户已删除评论 🤯 Bro!!!! This is amazing. What did I not know this. What do you mean? Hit escape? Bruh, you guys were smart enough to stand on a rock or jump. I was dumb enough to just roll through them with i-frames. Souls games have rotted my mind. I was playing rhyhtm games with the loong every attempt and counting like a metronome. You can dodge through them too! I tried jumping and it was impossible. Dodging sideways worked haha I don’t bang my head on fights more than 3-4 times. That just means I am missing something. Lo and behold watched the video on the fight and saw that damn rock lol 😝 Jump. Jump. Jump, dodge, jump. I beat Black Loong yesterday, also helped by 2 Red Tides transformations. The shockwave attack is can be difficult to avoid because during some attempts the rocks were smashed. If you get the timing of the shocks right you can actually land a fully charged heavy attack without risk. I used the Pillar stance for this because it has good reach. Yellow long broke my back last night.
If the shhockwaves were what killed you you can just stand on a rock instead of jumping over them Thanks for the help, I eventually realised this. It definitely helped, what didn't help is the big lump destroying all of the rocks near me meaning I had to make a run for one the other side of the battle zone. In all honesty though, this game has a great balance of making it difficult enough to be a challenge, but also achievable. 用户已删除评论 🤯 Bro!!!! This is amazing. What did I not know this. What do you mean? Hit escape? Bruh, you guys were smart enough to stand on a rock or jump. I was dumb enough to just roll through them with i-frames. Souls games have rotted my mind. I was playing rhyhtm games with the loong every attempt and counting like a metronome. You can dodge through them too! I tried jumping and it was impossible. Dodging sideways worked haha I don’t bang my head on fights more than 3-4 times. That just means I am missing something. Lo and behold watched the video on the fight and saw that damn rock lol 😝
Thanks for the help, I eventually realised this. It definitely helped, what didn't help is the big lump destroying all of the rocks near me meaning I had to make a run for one the other side of the battle zone. In all honesty though, this game has a great balance of making it difficult enough to be a challenge, but also achievable. 用户已删除评论 🤯 Bro!!!! This is amazing. What did I not know this. What do you mean? Hit escape?
用户已删除评论 🤯 Bro!!!! This is amazing. What did I not know this. What do you mean? Hit escape?
🤯
Bro!!!! This is amazing. What did I not know this.
What do you mean? Hit escape?
Bruh, you guys were smart enough to stand on a rock or jump. I was dumb enough to just roll through them with i-frames. Souls games have rotted my mind. I was playing rhyhtm games with the loong every attempt and counting like a metronome.
You can dodge through them too! I tried jumping and it was impossible. Dodging sideways worked haha
I don’t bang my head on fights more than 3-4 times. That just means I am missing something. Lo and behold watched the video on the fight and saw that damn rock lol 😝
Jump. Jump. Jump, dodge, jump.
I beat Black Loong yesterday, also helped by 2 Red Tides transformations. The shockwave attack is can be difficult to avoid because during some attempts the rocks were smashed. If you get the timing of the shocks right you can actually land a fully charged heavy attack without risk. I used the Pillar stance for this because it has good reach.
Yellow long broke my back last night.
It's like the final move in an anime fight between the strongest adversaries.  I fkn love this game for that.  Happens quite often too.  Not artificial either. Many fights come down to the wire while we're dishing out our best moves.
Yeah, what's really cool is you can transform right before you're about to get smashed and you take no damage if you're in mid-transformation. I use that tactic a lot during difficult boss fights.
Black Myth: Guang Zhi He not a wolf. He GOAT. Goat Zhi!
He not a wolf. He GOAT. Goat Zhi!
Goat Zhi!
Yellow Loong carried me through the final bosses of the game. The moment you pull out the 3 bar special move you just unleashed a nuke on the enemy, its so fucking cool Yeah fighting yellow long for the skill is worth it and I would do it again. I just snagged him last night. I'm still running the crazy monkey with the frost wings transformation. Is he better than that???? Theyre both really solid, but i prefer Yellow Loong.  You use the 'see-through' combo 3 times to build focus, then use your heavy skill and hit HARD.  His damage feels low until you use that, but i swear it takes about 1/3 of a major boss HP Still shame we cant use his weapon as OUR weapon. Would love to have weapon that is more about slashing while staff is for spinning and wide attacks and spear for frontal attacks. Also we need more spear upgrades because after a while that spear become obsolete. Does it do more damage per focus point? I've been spamming it at tier 1 like an impatient child! I've been stuck on final boss for 3 days, if this is how I unlock the key to victory I'm gonna be so sad I didn't think of this. It does do more dmg, and the lightning turns red.  The ultimate drains a lot of Might, so it's better to save up for 3 points. LOTS more Honestly the 3 bar special feels kinda weak compared to the true strength of yellow loong, which is that he never expires as long as you just keep hitting those parries. Endless chip damage.
The moment you pull out the 3 bar special move you just unleashed a nuke on the enemy, its so fucking cool Yeah fighting yellow long for the skill is worth it and I would do it again. I just snagged him last night. I'm still running the crazy monkey with the frost wings transformation. Is he better than that???? Theyre both really solid, but i prefer Yellow Loong.  You use the 'see-through' combo 3 times to build focus, then use your heavy skill and hit HARD.  His damage feels low until you use that, but i swear it takes about 1/3 of a major boss HP Still shame we cant use his weapon as OUR weapon. Would love to have weapon that is more about slashing while staff is for spinning and wide attacks and spear for frontal attacks. Also we need more spear upgrades because after a while that spear become obsolete. Does it do more damage per focus point? I've been spamming it at tier 1 like an impatient child! I've been stuck on final boss for 3 days, if this is how I unlock the key to victory I'm gonna be so sad I didn't think of this. It does do more dmg, and the lightning turns red.  The ultimate drains a lot of Might, so it's better to save up for 3 points. LOTS more Honestly the 3 bar special feels kinda weak compared to the true strength of yellow loong, which is that he never expires as long as you just keep hitting those parries. Endless chip damage.
Yeah fighting yellow long for the skill is worth it and I would do it again. I just snagged him last night. I'm still running the crazy monkey with the frost wings transformation. Is he better than that???? Theyre both really solid, but i prefer Yellow Loong.  You use the 'see-through' combo 3 times to build focus, then use your heavy skill and hit HARD.  His damage feels low until you use that, but i swear it takes about 1/3 of a major boss HP Still shame we cant use his weapon as OUR weapon. Would love to have weapon that is more about slashing while staff is for spinning and wide attacks and spear for frontal attacks. Also we need more spear upgrades because after a while that spear become obsolete.
I just snagged him last night. I'm still running the crazy monkey with the frost wings transformation. Is he better than that???? Theyre both really solid, but i prefer Yellow Loong.  You use the 'see-through' combo 3 times to build focus, then use your heavy skill and hit HARD.  His damage feels low until you use that, but i swear it takes about 1/3 of a major boss HP
Theyre both really solid, but i prefer Yellow Loong.  You use the 'see-through' combo 3 times to build focus, then use your heavy skill and hit HARD.  His damage feels low until you use that, but i swear it takes about 1/3 of a major boss HP
Still shame we cant use his weapon as OUR weapon. Would love to have weapon that is more about slashing while staff is for spinning and wide attacks and spear for frontal attacks. Also we need more spear upgrades because after a while that spear become obsolete.
Does it do more damage per focus point? I've been spamming it at tier 1 like an impatient child! I've been stuck on final boss for 3 days, if this is how I unlock the key to victory I'm gonna be so sad I didn't think of this. It does do more dmg, and the lightning turns red.  The ultimate drains a lot of Might, so it's better to save up for 3 points. LOTS more
It does do more dmg, and the lightning turns red.  The ultimate drains a lot of Might, so it's better to save up for 3 points.
LOTS more
Honestly the 3 bar special feels kinda weak compared to the true strength of yellow loong, which is that he never expires as long as you just keep hitting those parries. Endless chip damage.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: lordchickenburger 点赞: 71 时间: 2024-08-29T07:45:02.839000+0000 内容: Bruh yin tiger is way yyyy better I really like yin tiger but it consumes too much might. I barely get to use his windwalk ability for 3 or 4 light attacks. Build focus before transforming, if you’re at four focus before you transform you can drop straight into windwalker immediately. Yeah, which is another drawback, because generally a heavy is better than a transformation Full Focus Yin Tiger with wind walker can obliterate half of boss’ health bar, your charged heavy can’t do that. With all the immobilize bonuses (like extra damage on immobilized targets) , atk bonus after using focus, atk bonus after using spell, a level 4 Smash stance heavy during immobilize is PURE hp bar delete. People need to give this a try. I agree for some bosses, for bosses with extended periods of invulnerability or teleport often it’s better to use a charged heavy; but for the bosses that don’t Yin Tiger tears them apart. I’ve done half a bar of health in one transformation before while 4 focus heavies were only doing a fraction of that. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Alright, I'll give it another shot. Thank you. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Spellbinder+pilgrim armor would beg to differ😂 Naaah. He attacks way to slow and does about the same damage. He also doesn't apply burn damage either. First transform bloke is actually the best. You have to build full focus and use windwalker. He attacks much faster and his dodge becomes a teleport. Let me just say, gonna start calling him Tony the Tiger, cause he is GREEEAAAAT… lol Came here to make sure someone was praising my boy Yin.. beating him to get his transformation was tough but so worth it. You don’t even need the wind walker stance to deal great damage. Once his sword(bar) is red, light attacks stagger just about everything I’ve come across. Back a boss into a corner and hack away. I like the Loong transformation more. It single-handedly beat bosses for me How do you get that? Don’t think I have it. Beat all the Loong bosses
I really like yin tiger but it consumes too much might. I barely get to use his windwalk ability for 3 or 4 light attacks. Build focus before transforming, if you’re at four focus before you transform you can drop straight into windwalker immediately. Yeah, which is another drawback, because generally a heavy is better than a transformation Full Focus Yin Tiger with wind walker can obliterate half of boss’ health bar, your charged heavy can’t do that. With all the immobilize bonuses (like extra damage on immobilized targets) , atk bonus after using focus, atk bonus after using spell, a level 4 Smash stance heavy during immobilize is PURE hp bar delete. People need to give this a try. I agree for some bosses, for bosses with extended periods of invulnerability or teleport often it’s better to use a charged heavy; but for the bosses that don’t Yin Tiger tears them apart. I’ve done half a bar of health in one transformation before while 4 focus heavies were only doing a fraction of that. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Alright, I'll give it another shot. Thank you. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Spellbinder+pilgrim armor would beg to differ😂
Build focus before transforming, if you’re at four focus before you transform you can drop straight into windwalker immediately. Yeah, which is another drawback, because generally a heavy is better than a transformation Full Focus Yin Tiger with wind walker can obliterate half of boss’ health bar, your charged heavy can’t do that. With all the immobilize bonuses (like extra damage on immobilized targets) , atk bonus after using focus, atk bonus after using spell, a level 4 Smash stance heavy during immobilize is PURE hp bar delete. People need to give this a try. I agree for some bosses, for bosses with extended periods of invulnerability or teleport often it’s better to use a charged heavy; but for the bosses that don’t Yin Tiger tears them apart. I’ve done half a bar of health in one transformation before while 4 focus heavies were only doing a fraction of that. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Alright, I'll give it another shot. Thank you. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Spellbinder+pilgrim armor would beg to differ😂
Yeah, which is another drawback, because generally a heavy is better than a transformation Full Focus Yin Tiger with wind walker can obliterate half of boss’ health bar, your charged heavy can’t do that. With all the immobilize bonuses (like extra damage on immobilized targets) , atk bonus after using focus, atk bonus after using spell, a level 4 Smash stance heavy during immobilize is PURE hp bar delete. People need to give this a try. I agree for some bosses, for bosses with extended periods of invulnerability or teleport often it’s better to use a charged heavy; but for the bosses that don’t Yin Tiger tears them apart. I’ve done half a bar of health in one transformation before while 4 focus heavies were only doing a fraction of that. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Alright, I'll give it another shot. Thank you. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Spellbinder+pilgrim armor would beg to differ😂
Full Focus Yin Tiger with wind walker can obliterate half of boss’ health bar, your charged heavy can’t do that. With all the immobilize bonuses (like extra damage on immobilized targets) , atk bonus after using focus, atk bonus after using spell, a level 4 Smash stance heavy during immobilize is PURE hp bar delete. People need to give this a try.
With all the immobilize bonuses (like extra damage on immobilized targets) , atk bonus after using focus, atk bonus after using spell, a level 4 Smash stance heavy during immobilize is PURE hp bar delete. People need to give this a try.
I agree for some bosses, for bosses with extended periods of invulnerability or teleport often it’s better to use a charged heavy; but for the bosses that don’t Yin Tiger tears them apart. I’ve done half a bar of health in one transformation before while 4 focus heavies were only doing a fraction of that. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Alright, I'll give it another shot. Thank you. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Spellbinder+pilgrim armor would beg to differ😂
Alright, I'll give it another shot. Thank you. Like anything in the game though it’s about picking the right tool for the right job, there is no end all be all skill, spell or transformation that works in any situation. Spellbinder+pilgrim armor would beg to differ😂
Naaah. He attacks way to slow and does about the same damage. He also doesn't apply burn damage either. First transform bloke is actually the best. You have to build full focus and use windwalker. He attacks much faster and his dodge becomes a teleport.
You have to build full focus and use windwalker. He attacks much faster and his dodge becomes a teleport.
Let me just say, gonna start calling him Tony the Tiger, cause he is GREEEAAAAT… lol Came here to make sure someone was praising my boy Yin.. beating him to get his transformation was tough but so worth it. You don’t even need the wind walker stance to deal great damage. Once his sword(bar) is red, light attacks stagger just about everything I’ve come across. Back a boss into a corner and hack away.
I like the Loong transformation more. It single-handedly beat bosses for me How do you get that? Don’t think I have it. Beat all the Loong bosses
How do you get that? Don’t think I have it. Beat all the Loong bosses
Beat all the Loong bosses
Dont forget the giant rock head transformation💀 It’s extremely tanky and carried me through whenever bosses start their ultimate attack sequences it owns... the explosion does a lot of dmg.
It’s extremely tanky and carried me through whenever bosses start their ultimate attack sequences
it owns... the explosion does a lot of dmg.
I am in Chapter 4 right now and so far this is the only transformation I like. I have got 4 others but they don't feel powerful or flexible. The macaque chief monkey is great Honestly other transformations looks cool but does barely any damage Wait until you get yellow loong , he's very strong imo And his music makes you feel like an anime mc. That's what I pop him for. Just to listen to that song lol. The music was what kept me sane during my attempts to beat him haha he might be strong but takes a lot more getting used to.  dude gets walloped so fast i de-transform before I see much damage. meanwhile burning a boss can take out nearly a quarter of their health and the special attack straight up one shots regular mobs. Make sure you upgrade your health/defense of your transformations and then just string three or four light attacks into a single triangle heavy attack and you'll block like 80% of the damage and build focus, then get distance and spam triangle to do three suuuuper powerful and hard to get knocked out of flying attacks, rinse and repeat. I genuinely used him to delete half the final bosses health bar, it's well worth getting used to. He staggers most bosses really easily too, like better than just about any transformation. honestly you are using them wrong. This is how they should be used to maximize the damage: Build focus to 4 before transform, then immediately use their skill. One transform can take about 1/4~1/3 of boss hp. The Stone thing helped me beat that Black loong drumming bitch well, i like the ice monkey. what do you mean 4 others..? I'm at the end of chapter 4 and this is the only one I found.. I got two vessels from chapter 1 and 2.. how is this possible?? Almost all of them are optional, and one is missable. You kind of have to dig for them. Well worth the effort though You can unlock the double headed rat transformation(the ones you fight in chap 2 that self implodes) in the beginning of chap 3 next to the guy that was locked in the cell after beating the first area boss. It has a regular slashing attack, a fire breath attack, and you can self implode after your health is almost gone when you exit the transformation. One of my favorites atm.
The macaque chief monkey is great
Honestly other transformations looks cool but does barely any damage Wait until you get yellow loong , he's very strong imo And his music makes you feel like an anime mc. That's what I pop him for. Just to listen to that song lol. The music was what kept me sane during my attempts to beat him haha he might be strong but takes a lot more getting used to.  dude gets walloped so fast i de-transform before I see much damage. meanwhile burning a boss can take out nearly a quarter of their health and the special attack straight up one shots regular mobs. Make sure you upgrade your health/defense of your transformations and then just string three or four light attacks into a single triangle heavy attack and you'll block like 80% of the damage and build focus, then get distance and spam triangle to do three suuuuper powerful and hard to get knocked out of flying attacks, rinse and repeat. I genuinely used him to delete half the final bosses health bar, it's well worth getting used to. He staggers most bosses really easily too, like better than just about any transformation. honestly you are using them wrong. This is how they should be used to maximize the damage: Build focus to 4 before transform, then immediately use their skill. One transform can take about 1/4~1/3 of boss hp. The Stone thing helped me beat that Black loong drumming bitch
Wait until you get yellow loong , he's very strong imo And his music makes you feel like an anime mc. That's what I pop him for. Just to listen to that song lol. The music was what kept me sane during my attempts to beat him haha he might be strong but takes a lot more getting used to.  dude gets walloped so fast i de-transform before I see much damage. meanwhile burning a boss can take out nearly a quarter of their health and the special attack straight up one shots regular mobs. Make sure you upgrade your health/defense of your transformations and then just string three or four light attacks into a single triangle heavy attack and you'll block like 80% of the damage and build focus, then get distance and spam triangle to do three suuuuper powerful and hard to get knocked out of flying attacks, rinse and repeat. I genuinely used him to delete half the final bosses health bar, it's well worth getting used to. He staggers most bosses really easily too, like better than just about any transformation.
And his music makes you feel like an anime mc. That's what I pop him for. Just to listen to that song lol. The music was what kept me sane during my attempts to beat him haha
That's what I pop him for. Just to listen to that song lol. The music was what kept me sane during my attempts to beat him haha
he might be strong but takes a lot more getting used to.  dude gets walloped so fast i de-transform before I see much damage. meanwhile burning a boss can take out nearly a quarter of their health and the special attack straight up one shots regular mobs. Make sure you upgrade your health/defense of your transformations and then just string three or four light attacks into a single triangle heavy attack and you'll block like 80% of the damage and build focus, then get distance and spam triangle to do three suuuuper powerful and hard to get knocked out of flying attacks, rinse and repeat. I genuinely used him to delete half the final bosses health bar, it's well worth getting used to. He staggers most bosses really easily too, like better than just about any transformation.
Make sure you upgrade your health/defense of your transformations and then just string three or four light attacks into a single triangle heavy attack and you'll block like 80% of the damage and build focus, then get distance and spam triangle to do three suuuuper powerful and hard to get knocked out of flying attacks, rinse and repeat. I genuinely used him to delete half the final bosses health bar, it's well worth getting used to. He staggers most bosses really easily too, like better than just about any transformation.
honestly you are using them wrong. This is how they should be used to maximize the damage: Build focus to 4 before transform, then immediately use their skill. One transform can take about 1/4~1/3 of boss hp.
The Stone thing helped me beat that Black loong drumming bitch
well, i like the ice monkey.
what do you mean 4 others..? I'm at the end of chapter 4 and this is the only one I found.. I got two vessels from chapter 1 and 2.. how is this possible?? Almost all of them are optional, and one is missable. You kind of have to dig for them. Well worth the effort though
Almost all of them are optional, and one is missable. You kind of have to dig for them. Well worth the effort though
You can unlock the double headed rat transformation(the ones you fight in chap 2 that self implodes) in the beginning of chap 3 next to the guy that was locked in the cell after beating the first area boss. It has a regular slashing attack, a fire breath attack, and you can self implode after your health is almost gone when you exit the transformation. One of my favorites atm.
Azure Dust FTW! Rock Rock 🫡
Rock Rock 🫡
Rock 🫡
It came in clutch against Tiger Vanguard, used him early on on the fight and then as the fight lasted so long I was able to transform a second time and thank God I did as was out of health, just a fraction left and no potions left, was so happy to finally defeat him definitely the hardest boss to this point
I always use it when my hp is in danger Bro can use it at the beginning of the boss fight, and it’s cd will end at the end of the fight, which means u can use it twice generally to maximize the output damage.
Bro can use it at the beginning of the boss fight, and it’s cd will end at the end of the fight, which means u can use it twice generally to maximize the output damage.
Plenty of times, it’s like an extra health bar Literally phase 2 for the main character
Literally phase 2 for the main character
i personally really like the 2 headed fire breathing rat . i thought this guys dodge was atrocious Yep I like the rat too. Can sprint, fast attack, very responsive dodge, deal elemental damage Yessiiiir, that scorch damage can do a massive amount of damage sometimes. And you can tank a couple extra hits when it runs out of juice
Yep I like the rat too. Can sprint, fast attack, very responsive dodge, deal elemental damage
Yessiiiir, that scorch damage can do a massive amount of damage sometimes. And you can tank a couple extra hits when it runs out of juice
Am I the only one that thinks this transformation is a bit hit or miss. There's time when I feel it helps a lot, and other time I feel he dances around and hits very little The detection is garbage but his charged up meter strike is devastating and you take no damage in the form.
The detection is garbage but his charged up meter strike is devastating and you take no damage in the form.
Best transformation in the game
Guangzhi is the actual Destined One
Too many
I love that his theme music plays when you transform 😂
What are you talking about, the game is called Black Myth Guangzhi
The name Red Tides, which is an easter egg. It’s the name of their first game.
Just beat the Scorpion Lord last night and he saved my monkey ass
Their theme is grated, yellow long,  guanzhi
Zhu bajie heal in chapter 4 is underrated.
0 i dont use him , i just use rock guy because he can survive anything and stagger
Only up to chapter 2. Until I think chapter 5, I was spamming that Rockhead. It's just so easy, and counters chapters 3-4 pretty hard. I only swapped because I always liked the idea of poison, so I'm using that transformation... took me a while to figure out the best way to play that squishy guy, but I like them both.
I honestly felt like there were better options past chapter 2. Ashen Slumber and Golden Linings were the ones who really got me through. Especially the yellow loong, thay ones Hella underrated. Basically just start a light attack combo and press triangle every 4/5 hits to deflect, get some focus, then get distance and mash triangle to do three powerful attacks that are really hard to get knocked out of.l and do a ton of damage. Like I was nearly getting half the final bosses health down just with this transformation.
He is my Brother
Lore: a side character demon monk who helped Elder Jinchi with plotting the Cayasa stealing, which ended up burning down the whole temple and taking the life of Elder Jinchi himself Game: Goat
Lots of times. I wish we had more transformations like him though.
Still in chapter 1 but he obliterates every boss I’ve ran into so far. Just looking for the bell I missed to get the secret boss for the chapter….hopefully hes as helpful there.
EVERYTIME TT
Guangzhi my beloved
up until you beat the tiger vanguard because you get two new powers at that point, one from the tiger vanguard and one from the temple itself.  It was my oh crap morph or die up until then.  It is good in fights against anything with fur, though.
All the timr
what is black myth wukong? I only know black myth guangzhi.
I’m using another transformation but ngl bro is clutch with fire damage and a swipe that can be spammed for solid damage even with no upgrades is amazing
BlackMyth Guangzhi.
This Guy's the real OG
a lot *21 voice
It’s temu value wukong’s super saiyan form. So always.
I like the music of an other transformation so much that I’m sticking to that one. I’m not gonna spoil which one…
Valuable member of the team!
my 2nd most favorite transformation used it all the way till the end, the actual favorite is stone monkey but I could only use this one since NG+ . the problem is i really enjoy spell binder and can't use transformations when i have it on, so i find myself use them less and less
In my playthrough he was used for me to switch out and let him get railed by there special set pieces moves.
0. Very bad controls, imho.
Maybe like 4 times.
Him and yellow loong carried me through the whole game. I really like ebon flow transformation as well but it consumes too much might and it requires 3 or 4 focus points to get the most out of it.
Every. Damn. Time. Fighting Hundred Eyed Daoist at the moment, and I've got up to his second phase my last couple tries thanks to him. Got Yellow Loong down to a quarter of his health on my first try. One of my favorite transformations so far🔥🐺🛐
Good for survival yes, good for damage no. The hitbox on the light attacks is atrocious.
1..2..3..4..5..600…700… a lot
I was best friends with this guys dash attack until the bosses became smart enough to just knock me out of it.
I have a question which transformation is better this one or the guy with the big sword who parries
Save my life? He made chapters 1-3 trivial
I’m actually not using it much, but I want to
My last line of defense till yin tiger lol.
The one time that comes to mind was fighting the tiger vanguard. It was like my 6th try I think and we both barely had any health. I transformed right as tiger did his dashing sword slice. Pretty sure it would have killed me if I didn't transform at that exact moment.
Man a few times 😂
Feels like every time I transform in this game, the boss I’m fighting unleashes every combo they have without breaking a sweat
thats my dawg, thats my dawg fasho
I just finished Ch 1 with ~4hrs played. So far, tho this guy does quite a bit of damage with a good window, I like to use him near the end of a battle to delete health fast and not worry about health OR reserve it in case of "oopsies". I DID use him for the final boss as a means to deal a lot of damage as that guy had a bit of health with a fairly predictable move set.
Free get-out-of-jail Card when the Boss is about to fall, and you don't have much HP. Those extra hits under the protection of an extra Health Bar sure came in useful. Good boi!
I always come back to him, even after Yin Tiger or that snowball tentacle monk. Nearly always this transformations damage is better if you can hit with all its "might" pool.
Any tips on what armour to use for black bear guai I just got as close as I could as often as possible and kept swinging, there’s a spot between his legs and behind him that you can hit him without taking damage. Use cloud step to get him in position so you can get behind him. Edit : just took him out last night
I just got as close as I could as often as possible and kept swinging, there’s a spot between his legs and behind him that you can hit him without taking damage. Use cloud step to get him in position so you can get behind him. Edit : just took him out last night
So what I’m learning as I play blindly is - I’m missing 3 transformations, and only am rock.
zero, barely used any transformation so far..
More times than I'm willing to admit. So many battles where the boss is in the last third of their life while I have no more heals and the transformation is my last chance to not have to repeat the battle due to their extra health pool. This guy in particular was my go to for all of the game so far (I'm in the end of chapter 3) up until I unlocked one of the options in this chapter and that's my go to now due to their bigger health pool.
Thru out chapter 3 or which ever chapter was the snowy mountain one helps so much when the chill bane is full and u low on heals
0, I use the Outrage set + Spell Binder But before that became my main set, I used to use either Yin Tiger or the frost monkey
A lot. I love him
Yellow Loong is the boss man
Yeah, transformations are cool! :)
Where and who is this guy? Im on chapter 3 and havent seen him yet
Call him plan b
So far several
Thank you Blade Wolf!
quite a lot. his strong attack doing the big charge hit thing then doge until hes ready to transform again, makes it doable
You can do burst combo and stun lock with him and your clone. Super cool.
never since i get the rock man transformation
literally barely ever helps.
The real MVP for sure
So far my favorite transformation is Yellow Loong and the Horse guy. Haven’t beaten the game and I’m sure I missed a few but the other ones I have are so so. Honestly the first ones really seems to be less useful as the game does on, maybe if I upgrade fire damage more it would still be pretty good.
Too many times!! Clutch!
I liked the other transformations better honestly. The armorers ability to stagger is nice cuz it usually allows me to stagger before exiting transformation with enough time to setup my next combo(use gourd to proc buffs etc).
Azure stone guy is my Mvp until the "final boss" in the game.
Too many
Not much if I’m on my last straw and I pull him out most of the time the boss decides okay spam so he can’t use him
Is he actually that good? I rarely use him because I can't seem to connect all his hits. I see a lot of swinging and flashes but the damages don't seem to show all the time. Is he better than Ashen (I just got Ashen)
Huh, so that how he looks up-front. Cuz I didnt notice him until I saw his weapon. Anyway, I remember using him at the last moment where the boss is close to dying and save me from dying with 1hp left
many fucking times
until yesterday after playing 35 hours I did not know the smash heavy attack with 4 focus point can make me hypnotized and play this game for 10000000000 hours then I remembered this dude!
I was rocking the Yellow Loong during my many attempts against (True Ending Secret Boss #1), and I swapped to him for my last two. Cleared it on the second try. He wasn't solely the reason, but it felt good to clear the hardest challenge in the game with the guy I'd started it with. Especially given how (Boss) mocked him with his dialogue. I love that he has unique dialogue for each transformation.
Legit I lost the count of how many times this guy saved my sorry behind. He was my favorite transformation and go to until I got the Yellow Loong
Rock guy is better
Hundreds
I wish there was a way to increase his engage distance. You go from Monke who auto hits from 15 years away, to this guy that needs to be on top of the enemy. That difference in behavior messes me up everytime.
Big Head all Day
For me, yellow loong > yin tiger > stone monkey > guangzhi.
Bro saves million players' lives but not his monk friends in Guanyin Temple 💀
18times
He saved my bacon big time against Yellow Loong.i was out of juice, no mana, and transformed as Loong was going for a big attack that would have definitely killed me. Two flaming dashes later, and the fight was over.
Too many lol. For something that you get so early, this has was so bloody useful.
Its nice , i try to save mine for if my gourd runs out and im one shot because itlll refill my health until it runs out. Plus his quick dash attack can dogde most enemy attacks if you time it right and get some damage in
he is a real one
版主已移除评论
Well our dragon lord yellow loong transformation saved me like 45 times in game
He is man so far. I'm only at the beginning of chapter 3. And I can't believe there is a giant dragon boss awaits me at the freaking beginning. I haven't even got enough ingredients for the new upgrades.
That boy is my main.
MY MAN
版主已移除评论
Everytime
this guy sucks, macaque from chapter 3 is so insanely broken that's what i used until the very end, until I got secret transformation from mount mei lol
A LOT. Let's just say this was my main for the majority of the game (the two headed rat that spits fire is especially good with the spiders and bugs). Also, the head dev mentionned this was one of his favorites, so maybe it got more love than the rest.
Just bought the game. One night of playing and I’ve developed carpal tunnel
I could beat the game without him.
The transform animation acts as a dodge, very useful
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: insidethesun 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-29T19:20:11.973000+0000 内容: Transformation has saved my life, but not that dude specifically.
Every fucking time
Many times until i found Yellow Loong and ditched him for good.
Well if a crowd some after you the stone transformation is better.. they fill my bar.. I crush them all with one hit... And there I am, all dead and I don't lose a single health bar
i can’t get past stone vanguard rn bro
Once
Loved him, dispised the fact not a single YouTubers could figure out his special move
Don’t even use cuh
None. I'm not into the transformations or spirits.
Same way I feel ab yellow loong transformation
None. The dodge is so slow it feels likenits delated for some reason and the timing is different than my normal character.
my favorite is the one that you get to use after fighting yellowbrow. the move set just feels so savage with the bonus of frost
Enough times than I care to count haha
This man didn’t help me not one time lol Now the head butt king?!?! And the Acolyte? I salute.
Many
me vs Black Loong  the KD was : 0/125. :D
I feel like his usefulness dropped off fast. The lack of mobility gets me wrecked compared to my regular form.
He is very famous because most people just play the game head on without trying hard to find all bosses.  So he may be their only one, or very few, transformations. Yes he is very useful because he can fight like the player, fast melee, dodge, fast melee.  His Heavy attack is a teleport attack, very useful, but costs a lot of Might.  You can't use it too often or he will detransform very fast. The bad thing is he is quite squishy with long recovery time if he was hit. One other transformation I found very helpful is that Azure rock.  It is a stupid transformation, the rock guy is sooooo slow.  Slow to walk, slow to hit, slow to even change direction.  But for bosses who do not jump around, he is perfect.  He takes all the hit, immune to all effects, and (I think) also immune to any interruption.  Just head pound the boss as often as you can until he expires.
I play on Xbox, so Sony wouldn't allow me to play the game. How is it?
Everytime so far
