Hey ================================================================================  评论列表:
are u playing the game urself too? which bosses did u find the hardest ? track me I am playing the game, although a combination or work and holidays has meant I’ve not had as much time as I’d like to sink into it. I’m currently in Chapter 4 and I think the boss which gave me the most trouble so far was Tiger Vanguard, there was something about his move set which I found tricky and it forced me to be a bit more methodical going forward I know what you mean, bros moves so smoothly with his moves, it’s hard to tell when to dodge Definitely! Then once it clicked it was incredibly satisfying I’m still on this boss.. idk what to do Upgrade gourds and just get used to the delayed timings for his attacks. I started counting in my head by going 1,2 for every attack that was delayed. You have to actively go against your instinct to dodge I don't know why, but Mad Tiger and Captian Wise-Voice really screwed with my brain. I thought I'd lost all of my skill as a gamer for a while there. Ok not that it is a particularly a hard boss but it would be funny if he does play the game and the boss he struggles with the most is one of the Bajiee fights. Lmaooo lord knows I did! The second boss definitely gave me some issues (that dang mud environment) 100%!
I am playing the game, although a combination or work and holidays has meant I’ve not had as much time as I’d like to sink into it. I’m currently in Chapter 4 and I think the boss which gave me the most trouble so far was Tiger Vanguard, there was something about his move set which I found tricky and it forced me to be a bit more methodical going forward I know what you mean, bros moves so smoothly with his moves, it’s hard to tell when to dodge Definitely! Then once it clicked it was incredibly satisfying I’m still on this boss.. idk what to do Upgrade gourds and just get used to the delayed timings for his attacks. I started counting in my head by going 1,2 for every attack that was delayed. You have to actively go against your instinct to dodge I don't know why, but Mad Tiger and Captian Wise-Voice really screwed with my brain. I thought I'd lost all of my skill as a gamer for a while there.
I know what you mean, bros moves so smoothly with his moves, it’s hard to tell when to dodge Definitely! Then once it clicked it was incredibly satisfying
Definitely! Then once it clicked it was incredibly satisfying
I’m still on this boss.. idk what to do Upgrade gourds and just get used to the delayed timings for his attacks. I started counting in my head by going 1,2 for every attack that was delayed. You have to actively go against your instinct to dodge
Upgrade gourds and just get used to the delayed timings for his attacks. I started counting in my head by going 1,2 for every attack that was delayed. You have to actively go against your instinct to dodge
I don't know why, but Mad Tiger and Captian Wise-Voice really screwed with my brain. I thought I'd lost all of my skill as a gamer for a while there.
Ok not that it is a particularly a hard boss but it would be funny if he does play the game and the boss he struggles with the most is one of the Bajiee fights. Lmaooo lord knows I did! The second boss definitely gave me some issues (that dang mud environment) 100%!
Lmaooo lord knows I did! The second boss definitely gave me some issues (that dang mud environment) 100%!
The second boss definitely gave me some issues (that dang mud environment) 100%!
100%!
First off your character stole the game in my opinion is bajie going to reappear in the DLC? Definitely this. Damn Bajie made this game! Bajie is such a good uncle, his last dialogue to us, players, is emotional.
Definitely this. Damn Bajie made this game! Bajie is such a good uncle, his last dialogue to us, players, is emotional.
Bajie is such a good uncle, his last dialogue to us, players, is emotional.
No questions, just wanna congratulate you on the great you did! Thank you, very nice of you :) Definitely hope you get reconsidered for the DLCs. You shittalking everyone on set was the best thing in the game, from Buddha kid to PingPing lol. Love the passion and emotion you put into your character! Haha I have very found memories of how irritable Bajie was around Maitreya
Thank you, very nice of you :) Definitely hope you get reconsidered for the DLCs. You shittalking everyone on set was the best thing in the game, from Buddha kid to PingPing lol. Love the passion and emotion you put into your character! Haha I have very found memories of how irritable Bajie was around Maitreya
Definitely hope you get reconsidered for the DLCs. You shittalking everyone on set was the best thing in the game, from Buddha kid to PingPing lol. Love the passion and emotion you put into your character! Haha I have very found memories of how irritable Bajie was around Maitreya
Haha I have very found memories of how irritable Bajie was around Maitreya
Haiii! Uncle Bajieeee Thank you making the game much more enjoyable with the little stories and commentary during our journey! Can you get Mister Wukong on here! So we can hear your bickering and any other hidden stories us Destined One's would know! As the new Sun WuKong! Hope we get more of you in the DLC Hello! Thanks so much, it was so much fun getting to work on the stories in particular, definitely learned a lot at the same time. I can definitely speak to Mark who's the English voice for Wukong and see about him swinging by on Saturday :) I'm going to try and save most questions generally for Saturday as I'm still working a lot over the next few days but I'll refer back for everyone who has left one here too! 用户已删除评论 Thank you! That’s one of the biggest aims of localising projects like these so that’s really great to hear 用户已删除评论 I couldn’t comment directly on the writing process (as I just wouldn’t know), but certainly I think that they took extra care with Zhu Bajie to be a window into the world for a lot of audiences. Because of the way the game is structured, and how dense and rich the backstories all are - I think Bajie was a useful tool for them to be able to convey what’s happening at certain moments and to build on what might not be obvious to players who aren’t as familiar with the subject matter Thank you for making the second half of the game. What is it! And that would be wonderful having you and Mark doing a mini QnA Sure, that's alright! Thank you once again for accompanying us Destined One's on this remarkable Journey!! He's a guy that got paid to do a job he had no development input he could be anyone and we would still love this game. Yeah I know all that. But what he did made it that much more immersive and enjoyable You must be fun at parties
Hello! Thanks so much, it was so much fun getting to work on the stories in particular, definitely learned a lot at the same time. I can definitely speak to Mark who's the English voice for Wukong and see about him swinging by on Saturday :) I'm going to try and save most questions generally for Saturday as I'm still working a lot over the next few days but I'll refer back for everyone who has left one here too! 用户已删除评论 Thank you! That’s one of the biggest aims of localising projects like these so that’s really great to hear 用户已删除评论 I couldn’t comment directly on the writing process (as I just wouldn’t know), but certainly I think that they took extra care with Zhu Bajie to be a window into the world for a lot of audiences. Because of the way the game is structured, and how dense and rich the backstories all are - I think Bajie was a useful tool for them to be able to convey what’s happening at certain moments and to build on what might not be obvious to players who aren’t as familiar with the subject matter Thank you for making the second half of the game. What is it! And that would be wonderful having you and Mark doing a mini QnA Sure, that's alright! Thank you once again for accompanying us Destined One's on this remarkable Journey!!
用户已删除评论 Thank you! That’s one of the biggest aims of localising projects like these so that’s really great to hear 用户已删除评论 I couldn’t comment directly on the writing process (as I just wouldn’t know), but certainly I think that they took extra care with Zhu Bajie to be a window into the world for a lot of audiences. Because of the way the game is structured, and how dense and rich the backstories all are - I think Bajie was a useful tool for them to be able to convey what’s happening at certain moments and to build on what might not be obvious to players who aren’t as familiar with the subject matter
Thank you! That’s one of the biggest aims of localising projects like these so that’s really great to hear 用户已删除评论 I couldn’t comment directly on the writing process (as I just wouldn’t know), but certainly I think that they took extra care with Zhu Bajie to be a window into the world for a lot of audiences. Because of the way the game is structured, and how dense and rich the backstories all are - I think Bajie was a useful tool for them to be able to convey what’s happening at certain moments and to build on what might not be obvious to players who aren’t as familiar with the subject matter
用户已删除评论 I couldn’t comment directly on the writing process (as I just wouldn’t know), but certainly I think that they took extra care with Zhu Bajie to be a window into the world for a lot of audiences. Because of the way the game is structured, and how dense and rich the backstories all are - I think Bajie was a useful tool for them to be able to convey what’s happening at certain moments and to build on what might not be obvious to players who aren’t as familiar with the subject matter
I couldn’t comment directly on the writing process (as I just wouldn’t know), but certainly I think that they took extra care with Zhu Bajie to be a window into the world for a lot of audiences. Because of the way the game is structured, and how dense and rich the backstories all are - I think Bajie was a useful tool for them to be able to convey what’s happening at certain moments and to build on what might not be obvious to players who aren’t as familiar with the subject matter
Thank you for making the second half of the game. What is it! And that would be wonderful having you and Mark doing a mini QnA Sure, that's alright! Thank you once again for accompanying us Destined One's on this remarkable Journey!!
He's a guy that got paid to do a job he had no development input he could be anyone and we would still love this game. Yeah I know all that. But what he did made it that much more immersive and enjoyable You must be fun at parties
Yeah I know all that. But what he did made it that much more immersive and enjoyable
You must be fun at parties
When you finish the voice of the game, how is your emotion? It was bittersweet for sure, it felt like such a rollercoaster of a time and I definitely was sad at the prospect of 'leaving the character behind' so to speak - whilst not an expert before and definitely not claiming to be one still - it left me with a real desire and passion to discover more stories from China!
It was bittersweet for sure, it felt like such a rollercoaster of a time and I definitely was sad at the prospect of 'leaving the character behind' so to speak - whilst not an expert before and definitely not claiming to be one still - it left me with a real desire and passion to discover more stories from China!
I can't imagine the game without Bajie. He helped break up the silence, seeing the Destined One never had much to say. Did you have a few different ideas on how to voice Bajie before ending up with the one we all know? Could he have ended up sounding different? So the original version I came up with was fairly similar to the one that ended up in the game, but I would say it 100% develops during those first few hours of recording. I think once I started to ‘spend time’ with Bajie I found that a lot of his crassness and humour is tied in with deflecting from uncomfortable emotions and avoiding showing too much affection (we’ve all seen how sad parts of his past have been) Saying that, I also just think that he just enjoys being a wind up merchant Bajie did break the fourth wall by saying “Great, another mute” 💀
So the original version I came up with was fairly similar to the one that ended up in the game, but I would say it 100% develops during those first few hours of recording. I think once I started to ‘spend time’ with Bajie I found that a lot of his crassness and humour is tied in with deflecting from uncomfortable emotions and avoiding showing too much affection (we’ve all seen how sad parts of his past have been) Saying that, I also just think that he just enjoys being a wind up merchant
Bajie did break the fourth wall by saying “Great, another mute” 💀
Were you familiar with Journey to the West before landing this gig? Did you do anything other than reading the book to get into character? I was yeah! Although definitely by no means an expert, and there were and are huge swathes of the story that I’m still not as familiar with I did some reading as you say, and then also spent some time watching previous iterations just to get a flavour of history in popular culture, but I try not to watch too much of other people’s performances because you risk losing your own individual sense of the character. I also listened to tonnes of music from the 1986 version (there’s some amazing epic orchestral versions) which never failed to get me in the headspace!
I was yeah! Although definitely by no means an expert, and there were and are huge swathes of the story that I’m still not as familiar with I did some reading as you say, and then also spent some time watching previous iterations just to get a flavour of history in popular culture, but I try not to watch too much of other people’s performances because you risk losing your own individual sense of the character. I also listened to tonnes of music from the 1986 version (there’s some amazing epic orchestral versions) which never failed to get me in the headspace!
There is one lotus seed missing in the seed pod. Was that you took it, uncle? ....no comment. Bajie put it in front of spider grandma's tomb, you can take it
....no comment.
Bajie put it in front of spider grandma's tomb, you can take it
Would you want a standalone game for Bajie? Oh absolutely! That would be so much fun.
Oh absolutely! That would be so much fun.
How do you land the job? Do you live in China?
I just want to congratulate you for your phenomenal voice work. You really made the game feel alive
You're va job was incredible, really sold the character for me
Why is the mud fight so hard?😭😭 It’s a cruel, cruel world
It’s a cruel, cruel world
How was voice acting against a silent main character? Given the quality of both writing and voice acting did you ever wish The Destined One spoke?
I loved your take on Zhu Bajie! It fits so well. All the voice actors were on point. "Mark this: He's not just any voice actor. He's a voice actor of merit." 😂 Hahahaha love it
Hahahaha love it
Excellent work sir!
what lines did you enjoy to do most?
Man, I loved the dynamic of having a well traveled veteran clueing my stone dumb monkey ass on the world I was exploring, and your voice was excellent for conveying the tone
You did a really great job at VA, loved it!
How much input did you have in your lines? Did you get to write some or did you receice the exact words for Bajie from Game Science? Since English translation took more liberty (compared to Japanese, a language closer to Chinese), did you understand the character Bajie through the localized lens or did you have more context on Bajie's story beyond the game or its English version?
How often do you by accident say “my hoof! Now, instead of “my A**” lol. But on a serious note, how did you maintain the growly voice he has? I’m a death metal singer and I can imagine it would be done similarly to how we do vocals, guttural. Using the diaphragm to get that deeper, growly tone. Is that how you did it? Or did you do some old trick like they used to do in the movies where they’d have the actors have like, cotton balls in their throats to sound raspier, etc? (Example: Basically any gangster movie but we’ll go with the godfather) You did an amazing job, but boy was I mad at you sometimes when you were supposed to help me fight and would just disappear for half of the fight and then pop back in when I’ve almost killed the boss and sometimes even steal my final hit!! Lmao. You did a fantastic job though, and made my experience with the game excellent. (although I will admit my second playthrough was in Chinese just to have the lip syncing line up) Do you think you could get the VA for the destined one in here? That would be amazing. So many questions! These are all super interesting questions and I definitely want to get into that on Saturday, especially about the maintaining the voice as that was definitely a factor! P.S. I’ve often found metal singers to be great voice actors!
These are all super interesting questions and I definitely want to get into that on Saturday, especially about the maintaining the voice as that was definitely a factor! P.S. I’ve often found metal singers to be great voice actors!
Where did you get the crown?? I got it as part of the Physical Deluxe Edition, I ordered it a few months back but only just got here as the delivery too a while. A bronze replica of the headband is part of it, very cool! I did a little unboxing the other day on TikTok (can’t upload directly here sadly!) https://vm.tiktok.com/ZGd1pq93q/
I got it as part of the Physical Deluxe Edition, I ordered it a few months back but only just got here as the delivery too a while. A bronze replica of the headband is part of it, very cool! I did a little unboxing the other day on TikTok (can’t upload directly here sadly!) https://vm.tiktok.com/ZGd1pq93q/
How did you stumble into voice acting and what made you audition for Baije?🤔
If you were in the shoes of Zhu Bajie. Would you have stayed with Violet Spider or Join Wukong?
I want to learn how to be a voice actor. I'm a singer who has a pretty decent range. How would you recommend getting started?
What is your favorite armor set in the game?
How did you get the role? Are you living in China?
No questions, just gotta say your work was one of the highlights for me. It added someone to love. Bajie VERY quickly became one of my favorite video game sidekicks. Thanks so much! That’s so awesome to hear, thank you!
That’s so awesome to hear, thank you!
I literally loved your character man , zhu bajie is hands down my 10/10 sidekick . My question for the AMA is have you had any difficulties trying to nail his growly voice and how did you feel afterwards?
No questions here, I want to express my appreciation for you and the whole team for making such an immersing experience and hope to hear you again
You are amazing so I am expecting you to get a lot of dlc/wukong 2 presence. Do you think that we will get you to have a duo with a wukong voice actor for the main character in the future?
Not the face i would expect for him tbh, haha.
Uncle Bajie. How is it that one can learn to voice act, and how do you suggest one develop a range of voices and tonal inflection?
If this question sound personal and you don't want to answer it, that is fine but how much did you get paid?
Will we get more of Bajie in the DLC? I really liked being around Bajie and was sad that he only stuck around a bit and would leave for what felt like forever, made me miss him telling stories then I move a bit and he’d get pissed at me. You voicing Bajie was perfect 👍🏾
Did you play the game yourself? Did you platinum it? 😎 I am playing it yeah! Although I am FAR from Platinuming it (I’m in Chapter 4…) I’ve had holidays and work stop me from spending as much time as I’d like but I’ve been loving the game so far, it’s definitely the right kind of challenge level for me so far It must be a pretty cool feeling to hear yourself playing one of the main characters in the game!
I am playing it yeah! Although I am FAR from Platinuming it (I’m in Chapter 4…) I’ve had holidays and work stop me from spending as much time as I’d like but I’ve been loving the game so far, it’s definitely the right kind of challenge level for me so far It must be a pretty cool feeling to hear yourself playing one of the main characters in the game!
It must be a pretty cool feeling to hear yourself playing one of the main characters in the game!
favorite characters in the game? (besides bajie ofc). or any favorite playstyle?
Thought this was one of those ‘roast me’ posts I absolutely do not possess the emotional strength or fortitude to be violated that way😂
I absolutely do not possess the emotional strength or fortitude to be violated that way😂
The uncle dynamic that you brought to life you had me in tears in that dialogue right before the final boss fight😭. You killed it brother congrats to you and to many more VO gigs 🥂
Black myth bajie when :(
You have great handwriting for a pig
What was your fav line
which character would you like to voice or which project would you like to work on? Do you play Black myth Wukong? I do play Black Myth! Ooh if I really had to pick I’d love to do something on another epic narrative driven game like Mass Effect 🔥
I do play Black Myth! Ooh if I really had to pick I’d love to do something on another epic narrative driven game like Mass Effect 🔥
why is everyone in the English dub so british? Not saying that they should have thick chinese accents, I just dislike british people
You’re way younger than I’d imagined when playing the game.  No questions from me, just wanted to say you did a great job and were the highlight of the story for me.
Uncle Bajie is the best!
How does it feel hearing yourself talking in the game when playing the game Edit: Also great job delireving the voice acting!
1st, you look way different than i had imagined. 2nd, you did an amazing job and really made Baji stand out. I hope that we'll see more of you in the future 💪🏽
Not a question but I just wanna let you know we appreciate your work for such an entertaining character
Serious question here. How was the spidussy?
what do you fell when you lisen to your vocie during playing game
Will there be a physical cd? I honestly have no idea, I hope so because I love to keep a physical collection
I honestly have no idea, I hope so because I love to keep a physical collection
You told me you would teach Red Boy a lesson. But where were you in all that fight? But tbf, I really love the voice lines we had just before the moment we were about to face the Great Sage. Quite emotional indeed Unfortunately the Red Boy showed up just around my lunch time I loved that whole section at the end, felt like such a mysterious and epic conclusion
Unfortunately the Red Boy showed up just around my lunch time I loved that whole section at the end, felt like such a mysterious and epic conclusion
Loved your work. Also great to see more games about Chinese culture and games made by a Chinese studio.. Do you think Black Myth Wukong will be the first of many games that will make it big from China or Chinese studios? I sincerely hope so! I think there’s clearly a demand and also such a rich source of material to draw on that a massive percentage of global audiences have not been exposed to
I sincerely hope so! I think there’s clearly a demand and also such a rich source of material to draw on that a massive percentage of global audiences have not been exposed to
Your voice perfectly fits this character and you've done an amazing job! I've thoroughly enjoyed the game, not in the least because of that. Stay strong and Kuff A.I.
Psh voice actor my hoof……just kidding! Loved this character. Well done man! Loved the scene with Bajie sitting on the throne.
Can you give me a ps5 so I can experience this masterpiece I wish I had those kind of connections 💔
I wish I had those kind of connections 💔
Great work!
No question here, just know I love the whole team for giving us such a quality experience
How did you get casted into Bajie?
Thanks for doing this, and you were my favorite character! What was the most challenging aspect of voice acting? Is there anything unique or surprising that other people wouldn't expect about a voice actor's job?
Did you read the original story to get inspiration for the character?
AMA, my hoof!
Are you a real boar?
How does it feel giving a voice to the best character in the game?
No questions from me, just stopping to say thanks for your great work on the acting! Your character was what made me want to beat the game!
Fantastic job, man.
Hey bajie! When working on a game where there is sub or dub, I am curious did you communicate any with your sub counterpart? Exchange notes or thoughts? Great job, you brought so much personality to this game!
How did you land the gig ? Do you have any previous VO works for some AAA games or is this your first shot at it ?
What was your favorite line/scene you recorded?
Did you read or any of your costars read Journey to the West in preparation for your roles? Just a shout out, but I enjoyed your performance immensely in this game, as well as your costars! Good luck in your future endeavors and the upcoming DLC for Black Myth Wukong!
Amazing performance you gave, when did you start voice acting? And what went into voicing such an iconic character in the journey to the west story?
What did the spider do to you?!
How did you get into VA?!?
I got no questions. you are a legend, thanks for those heals LOL
There was a recent video where they showed that the Chinese VAs for Bajie and Violet Spider were able to do their scenes in the same booth together, were you able to work directly with Melody Chikakane Brown for those scenes as well?
版主已移除评论 Hello u/BoredAndLonely0394 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/BoredAndLonely0394 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hey, First of all Loved the Character Zhu Bajiee, he was a total badass and the dialogues in english were totally epic in some Scenes haha My question to you is What’s your favourite moment from the game? Any dialogue that you liked the most by your character? What was everyone’s reaction in the Team when they actually saw the response towards the game at release ? In the game Who was the toughest boss for you and how much time did it take for you to actually defeat him?
You're character reminded me so much of Rocket Raccoon and I loved it!!
Great work
Did you know of the characters history before taking the role? Or did you learn while playing Bajie or even the game?
You’re a braver man than me pigsy I was afraid to put the head band that far down after they said oils damage the copper 💀 Oh it has gone straight back into storage don’t worry😂
Oh it has gone straight back into storage don’t worry😂
Always thought it would be cool to get into voice acting myself so question is how did you start doing voice acting in general I’ll make a note of this to give a full and detailed response on the weekend!
I’ll make a note of this to give a full and detailed response on the weekend!
How would you want bajie’s character expanded on in a possible sequel
Hi uncle Bajie! Can you say this iconic line please? "This how love has always been , the suffering has no end." Very much appreciated :)
Taste my hoof!
I noticed the way you pronounce wukong in your lines is different from the Chinese pronunciation (besides tones, it’s more like Wu-cone). Was there guidance for the English pronunciation to be more accurate or more recognizable?
Uncle baije, how did you feel about the end animation for chapter 4.
I just want to say that your delivery of your last few lines near the end of the game gave me chills.
No question, just saying great job!
Many streamers rank Bajie as their fav character, your VA definitely played a huge part!  Good job and thank you for your hard work!
Do you brush your teeth?
how does someone get into voice acting like this?
Your voice work and your look are so different I am having cognitive dissonance in reconciling the two.  So good job 😂.
Your voice the “pig guard” character in the beginning of chapter 4 sounds a lot like Bajie from the English dub of the 1986 show. Is that a tribute or a coincidence? Love your portrayal of pigsy btw :)
you’re goddamn amazing
版主已移除评论 Hello u/fiddydiddys , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/fiddydiddys , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
First of all, Thank you for your work. I always enjoyed when Uncle Bajie was coming along during a chapter. Forgive me if someone has already asked, but had you read The Journey to the West before voicing Bajie, or Pigsy? Have you started reading it since? Thank you for your time!
Have you ever felt what it is like when that crown squeezes you?  Or sifu only does it to Wukong?
Real question: are you a full time actor or do you have another career on the side? It’s never easy for career actors.  Can you share how your acting career has been like up to this point, how you landed this gig, and what opportunity are you looking forward to in the near future?
During the final scene of the game where the destined one, Zhu Bajie and the old monkey are on a boat in Wukong’s memory, do you have a particularly favorite line that you voiced? My favorite part is when the old monkey says to Bajie that even deep down you knew Wukong wasn’t perfect and that he is long gone. It’s the first time in the game someone just says it out loud and Bajie’s reaction is profound. I’d just really love to know your thoughts!
Hey! I’ve seen clips of the game (I don’t have a ps5)  You sound so good as Zhu Bajie! How did you feel working on black myth?
the bajie in the original story look very different from the game
You watch the new Uzumaki anime that shows up on [adult swim]? I haven’t no, would you recommend it?
I haven’t no, would you recommend it?
I just wanna know why nobody called your character Pigsy!
Firstly, thank for being here and giving us a chance to connect and also to put a face to that amazing voice we heard throughout our journey in BMW. I've played the game in English first (due to the tiny subtitle font which I couldn't read while focusing on gameplay) and now I'm doing a NG+ in Chinese. Honestly your Zu Bajie's voice was incredible. It fits the character so damn well! Hats off to you kind mister. Question: during recording, were you in the same studio and time as other VA's? Did you get to meet Chinese VA's as well?  Lastly, did you think the game will be such a hit when you were recording?
Well, good job, the VO and the characters are the only thing making Chapter 3 enjoyable. As for the question, how did you end up voicing the character ? Did the devs come to you or did they post  a job offer and casted you ?
Which scene made you emotional when you were recording The end scene where Bajie says ‘he’s just a kid’ and ‘you don’t have to bear Wukong’s name!’ gave me chills the first time I saw it - definitely that’s up there
The end scene where Bajie says ‘he’s just a kid’ and ‘you don’t have to bear Wukong’s name!’ gave me chills the first time I saw it - definitely that’s up there
What’s a job like as a voice actor? Do you just wait to be hired through job applications or is there like a roster employers go through to pick someone?
how much different the game when you join and when it released ? I’m obviously mainly seeing cinematics, but I have to say it looked absolutely incredible from the offset
I’m obviously mainly seeing cinematics, but I have to say it looked absolutely incredible from the offset
Best character in the game
I want to know how that voice came from you! Nice job
Why is the game so fucking hard
what is your favorite food?? I’m a big fan of Mexican cuisine🔥
I’m a big fan of Mexican cuisine🔥
You done amazing job in game how did you get the job? I’ll go into the process of casting etc on Saturday!
I’ll go into the process of casting etc on Saturday!
How do I beat Yellow Loong? :( Now that, I definitely can’t help you with😂
Now that, I definitely can’t help you with😂
Brooo🔥
While playing Bajie. Were you going for a fatherly/uncle vibe when talking to the Destined one?
Can I get a hello? Hello!
Hello!
Omggggg!
How was it like playing the emotional parts for Bajie?
Favorite character in the game and Favorite boss
So cool to be able to be a part of such a great game! Have u done any other voice acting for games?? I’ve done a fair bit yeah! I’ve recorded on about 50 games altogether (many of them not out) I was Benji the circus ghoul and small parts in Baldurs Gate 3, Ludo in Dragon Quest Monsters The Dark Prince, Nomos in Warhammer 40K Rogue Trader, Stainless/Ethan in Arknights and I did stuff for Banishers Ghosts of New Eden, Greedfall 2, The Forgotten City, New World and others :)
I’ve done a fair bit yeah! I’ve recorded on about 50 games altogether (many of them not out) I was Benji the circus ghoul and small parts in Baldurs Gate 3, Ludo in Dragon Quest Monsters The Dark Prince, Nomos in Warhammer 40K Rogue Trader, Stainless/Ethan in Arknights and I did stuff for Banishers Ghosts of New Eden, Greedfall 2, The Forgotten City, New World and others :)
Also if you could get Megan Richards or Yuriri Naka involved that would be great, they both did an amazing job with their respective spider sisters!
Interested to know how you were casted. Was there an interview?
If given a chance, would you and Mark Ota dub some scenes from the 1986 Chinese TV show of JTTW? Specifically scenes with Wukong and Bajie? I’ll put it to him and see what happens…🐷🐵
I’ll put it to him and see what happens…🐷🐵
I just beat your ass! Great job man
What took you so long?! Did you have constipation?!?
What took you so long? Constipation? Hahaha constipation and a two week holiday😂
Hahaha constipation and a two week holiday😂
I just gotta know, what was it like traveling with that damned monkey?
Not what I thought you would look like! Lol Amazing job.
Why are you such an areshole in chapter 4 choosing to fight in the mud 😂
Literally just finished it the other day. Your character was peak especially during chapter 4.
That's cool right there
