Hello there! as you all know, there is A quite hot topic around the community for awhile here. Since it's involving Information and websites, I'm here Just to Help surface some of my favorites (and my friend's) Website that is driven by a community that aim to help the players to understand further the world of Teyvat. this is a personal list of mine and you are free to disagree with me. and of course, if you have a favorite websites, please share it in the comment section! ================================================================================  评论列表:
Genshin Optimizer - Damage calculator with an artifact build optimizer Teyvat Interactive Map - Official site but relies on community contributions Spiral Abyss Guide - Team compositions and usage tier lists for Abyss track me Thanks for adding the list! I will check them out. Thank you! Main thing I need is the interactive map. Would be great if paimon could add one. The official site seems to be super sluggish no matter what I’m using. 用户已删除评论 I have a really hard time recommending this one, it's poorly maintained and always out of date (It took them like 2 months to update for the Transformative Reaction/EM changes), and uses approximations instead of the real data. Genshin Optimizer takes more time to get set up, but is substantially better. Edit: Even today it still doesn't calculate the new EM scalings correctly, it uses the old formula, but with the new level base values (but not exactly the new level base values because it's not using the real data from the Dimbreath datamine). Key in a Pyro character with level 90 and 900 EM, and it says their overload is 10496, when the real number is 17263. All right I deleted the link. I did notice they were not up to date and that was still locking people behind slots and not saving them properly. Compared to the optimizer site, its basically outclassed. Sad to see that the project has ultimately failed to do what it should be doing despite asking for money. Genshin Optimizer - Damage calculator with an artifact build optimizer I am ALWAYS on this site. If you always find yourself asking people which artifacts are better, this site will straight up give you an entire build. True. Best site. Thanks to Jinx and Tuna for discovering this site, since then it has helped me a lot, and before that I knew about it, but did not use it. Is there a way to see historical abyss’s stats on spiral abyss guide? Or only current? The website says that they delete previous records, but you can try Wayback Machine: http://web.archive.org/web/*/spiral-abyss.appsample.com/
Thanks for adding the list! I will check them out. Thank you! Main thing I need is the interactive map. Would be great if paimon could add one. The official site seems to be super sluggish no matter what I’m using. 用户已删除评论 I have a really hard time recommending this one, it's poorly maintained and always out of date (It took them like 2 months to update for the Transformative Reaction/EM changes), and uses approximations instead of the real data. Genshin Optimizer takes more time to get set up, but is substantially better. Edit: Even today it still doesn't calculate the new EM scalings correctly, it uses the old formula, but with the new level base values (but not exactly the new level base values because it's not using the real data from the Dimbreath datamine). Key in a Pyro character with level 90 and 900 EM, and it says their overload is 10496, when the real number is 17263. All right I deleted the link. I did notice they were not up to date and that was still locking people behind slots and not saving them properly. Compared to the optimizer site, its basically outclassed. Sad to see that the project has ultimately failed to do what it should be doing despite asking for money.
Thank you! Main thing I need is the interactive map. Would be great if paimon could add one. The official site seems to be super sluggish no matter what I’m using.
用户已删除评论 I have a really hard time recommending this one, it's poorly maintained and always out of date (It took them like 2 months to update for the Transformative Reaction/EM changes), and uses approximations instead of the real data. Genshin Optimizer takes more time to get set up, but is substantially better. Edit: Even today it still doesn't calculate the new EM scalings correctly, it uses the old formula, but with the new level base values (but not exactly the new level base values because it's not using the real data from the Dimbreath datamine). Key in a Pyro character with level 90 and 900 EM, and it says their overload is 10496, when the real number is 17263. All right I deleted the link. I did notice they were not up to date and that was still locking people behind slots and not saving them properly. Compared to the optimizer site, its basically outclassed. Sad to see that the project has ultimately failed to do what it should be doing despite asking for money.
I have a really hard time recommending this one, it's poorly maintained and always out of date (It took them like 2 months to update for the Transformative Reaction/EM changes), and uses approximations instead of the real data. Genshin Optimizer takes more time to get set up, but is substantially better. Edit: Even today it still doesn't calculate the new EM scalings correctly, it uses the old formula, but with the new level base values (but not exactly the new level base values because it's not using the real data from the Dimbreath datamine). Key in a Pyro character with level 90 and 900 EM, and it says their overload is 10496, when the real number is 17263. All right I deleted the link. I did notice they were not up to date and that was still locking people behind slots and not saving them properly. Compared to the optimizer site, its basically outclassed. Sad to see that the project has ultimately failed to do what it should be doing despite asking for money.
All right I deleted the link. I did notice they were not up to date and that was still locking people behind slots and not saving them properly. Compared to the optimizer site, its basically outclassed. Sad to see that the project has ultimately failed to do what it should be doing despite asking for money.
Genshin Optimizer - Damage calculator with an artifact build optimizer I am ALWAYS on this site. If you always find yourself asking people which artifacts are better, this site will straight up give you an entire build. True. Best site. Thanks to Jinx and Tuna for discovering this site, since then it has helped me a lot, and before that I knew about it, but did not use it.
True. Best site. Thanks to Jinx and Tuna for discovering this site, since then it has helped me a lot, and before that I knew about it, but did not use it.
Is there a way to see historical abyss’s stats on spiral abyss guide? Or only current? The website says that they delete previous records, but you can try Wayback Machine: http://web.archive.org/web/*/spiral-abyss.appsample.com/
The website says that they delete previous records, but you can try Wayback Machine: http://web.archive.org/web/*/spiral-abyss.appsample.com/
paimon.moe is really good. I store all the achievements and my wish history there . Yep that's what I primarily used it for too. The calendar is a godsend too
Yep that's what I primarily used it for too. The calendar is a godsend too
i'd also like to add the Genshin Helper Team Character Build Sheet it's a straightforward guide for best weapons/artifacts that will suit your character. Oohh okay. Thanks for the information! Definitely will bookmark this one I second this.  It's THE most useful guide in my opinion.
Oohh okay. Thanks for the information! Definitely will bookmark this one
I second this.  It's THE most useful guide in my opinion.
If I may recommend one website, it would be Genshin Optimizer ( https://frzyc.github.io/genshin-optimizer/#/ ) Which is super good at optimizing your characters builds with the artifacts that you own. Over are the days were you ask yourself should I go for 70/150 cr ratio build or 60/140 cr ratio build. The website calculates the best build, for the wished playstyle, for you. How does it work you may ask. Well glad you ask. It might look difficult and complicated at first but you will get going in no time. First there are 7 different tabs on the top, namely: artifacts, weapons, characters, builds, tools, database and documents. Only the first 4 are important for your automatic build generator. Let me explain those tabs from left to right. Artifacts: Here you can add all the artifacts you own or those you want the optimizer take into account. You can do that by manual typing them in or (what I recommend) make a screenshot of the artifact and paste it into the website. Make sure you crop the image like so for the best result: https://imgur.com/a/KKIwMXJ Additional information: it also shows you how many rolls you've got in each substats and how high or low those rolls were. Weapons: This straight forward you can add your weapons, its level and there refinement to the database. So it can include those stats, for optimization of your character build, into account. Characters: Here you can add your characters, there constolation, talent level, and weapons from the weapons tab. Additionally each character has 3 tabs; Character (this shows the current stats), Artifacts (this shows the current equipped artifacts, which I will talk about in the next point) and Talents. The talent part is the most important tab imo of the character. Here you can give your talent level but also tell the Optimizer which talent condition should be taken into account or not during its build generation. For example in Hu Tao's case, if you want to optimize her skill charge atk than you need to activate her E skill first under the talent tab "Guide to Afterlife Voyage". So the optimizer won't try to build you a physical Hu Tao. (unless you want to) Builds: Finally we are at the best part of the website and core reason why I use it myself, the builds tab. This tab will generate the best build for your character based on what you want to maximize and which artifacts you have available. For example I want to Optimize my Hu Tao charge atks during her skill state. First I select Hu Tao under the characters list. Then I can select under "Hit Mode Options" Vaporize(Pyro) because I want to use her with Xingqiu. Finally in the right left corner in "Optimization Target:..." I select "Charged Attack DMG" and now I can press the green button "Generate". And *BOOM* voila I have the 5 best builds I can give Hu Tao. A couple of additional note's: - You can equip those build to the character on the website. Making it so the optimizer don't use those artifacts on other characters. - You can also add some requirements under "Final Stat Filter", if you absolutely need 180% energy recharge for example. - Under the button " Default Artifact Set Effects" you can add the requirement of using a 2 set or 4 set of a specific artifact set. Also if you want to use this website long term I advice you to also use the Database tab where you can "copy paste" your current database into a external file on your pc or something (Just in case your browser cache is reset). Final thoughts: This website have really been a time and life saver for me. It showed me, that some of my characters dmg could have been higher if I used a 2 set instead of a 4 set. Oh my, Thanks for the detailed Explanation! This one looks so good, I'll add it to my personal list
Oh my, Thanks for the detailed Explanation! This one looks so good, I'll add it to my personal list
i also wanna suggest this site! It's a compilation of lore and theories about Genshin--Teyvat's people, histories, and so much more-- created by various players in the community. Khaenri'ah Lore Project OH GOD FINALLY LORE. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
OH GOD FINALLY LORE. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
another one i would recommend is https://genshin-wishes.com/ it shows irl drop rates Dude the UI is amazing. And I can cry to my Qiqi dupes on the go now :'). Thank you for sharing! This will go to my list too
Dude the UI is amazing. And I can cry to my Qiqi dupes on the go now :'). Thank you for sharing! This will go to my list too
I'm comfortably using seelie inmagi for resin management, managed to properly built 18 characters and more. Paimon moe also good for tracking achievement and wish history The fact that the material type and the total of it pop out easily with one click is truly a Heavenly feature. (At least because I'm lazy at searching on the internet hahaha XD)
The fact that the material type and the total of it pop out easily with one click is truly a Heavenly feature. (At least because I'm lazy at searching on the internet hahaha XD)
Is there a site for lore (e.g. descriptions in artifacts and weapons) and in-game books besides the Fandom wiki? Going there often means facing those large, annoying ads, so I was wondering if there's an alternative Khaenriah.com is their site i think? The fanmade one that some people on r/Genshin_Lore maintain? Sorry, I haven't come up with anything related to this Oh... I see. Thanks for replying though!
Khaenriah.com is their site i think? The fanmade one that some people on r/Genshin_Lore maintain?
Sorry, I haven't come up with anything related to this Oh... I see. Thanks for replying though!
Oh... I see. Thanks for replying though!
I didn’t know there are so many amazing gameplay resources available!! Thank you for sharing, seriously!! No problem! Hope it helps. Also check out other sources on the comment section too~
No problem! Hope it helps. Also check out other sources on the comment section too~
That's quite a good list you got there. For anyone wondering what's the big drama all about these past few days, here's a summary I've been working on: Summary of events related to Honey Impact Honey Impact violated the intellectual property of miHoYo, including but not limited to leaked content. miHoYo send a takedown notice to their host to get the Genshin Impact related subdomains removed. Honey Impact deliberately misleads people on this topic and defames the company in a multitude of ways. They intend to continue violating copyright by migrating to a host that ignores DMCA notices. Violations of intellectual property law by Honey Impact prior to the takedown notice Redistributing copyrighted content (literary, graphical and auditory) without permission. Publishing content that was not intended for official publication yet. Causing indirect financial and reputation damages to miHoYo as a result of the aforementioned action. Modifying copyrighted content without permission. Claiming some form of ownership of said content (via the use of watermarks). Getting people to believe he is the owner of said content (plagiarism, also via the watermarks). Profitting personally (gaining reputation with copyrighted content). Profitting commercially (making at least 5 figures from advertisement revenue on the relevant pages). Violating the Terms of Service of the game pertaining to the above topics. Takedown notice to hosting provider (as published on honeyhunterworld.com) "Hi IONOS-AS staff, We, as the legal department of Shanghai miHoYo TianMing Technology Co.,Ltd., hereby report an abuse case, relating IP infringement and phasing, on a website with a domain name registered under your service (the link is: https://genshin.honeyhunterworld.com/?lang=EN ) about Genshin Impact, a game that we has been developing and operating continuously and diligently. For your reference, our game is available online at: https://genshin.mihoyo.com/en/home.According to the law, we own all the copyrighted works related to the game, not limited the artistic character images, maps and weapons, as well as all the codes of the game. In the end use agreement between gamers and us, it is also strictly prohibited to copy, reproduce, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise create derivative works based on any of our services. You could find the agreement at https://genshin.mihoyo.com/en/company/terms . The infringement website aforementioned contains and displays openly the confidential statistics and copyrighted works of our game package as well as materials that have not even been published by us yet. Found in the footer of the web page, the website owner also admits by his/herself that the copyright and trademark rights belong to MiHoYo Co., Ltd., which means us. Therefore, we require sincerely:Firstly, an immediate intervention or prevention of these infringing conducts duly. Secondly, stopping hosting the website or invalidating the link ( https://genshin.honeyhunterworld.com/?lang=EN ) ASAP.Thank you. The Legal Department of Shanghai miHoYo TianMing Technology Co.,Ltd." Incriminating and otherwise legally detrimental acts after the takedown notice Falsely claiming that miHoYo ordered him to take down the entire site while the takedown notice referred exclusively to the Genshin Impact subdomain. Whataboutism by referring to other parties using miHoYo's copyrighted content, as if others violating the law justifies violating the law. Claiming miHoYo stabbed him in the back with the takedown notice send to the host instead of himself personally, despite it being common practice for companies to send notices this way, and despite the fact that the true backstabbing originates from Honey Impact with regards to profiting of content he didn't create. Claiming ownership of content by referring to the efforts it took to extract, compile and integrate the assets "out team made possible" into this website. Defaming miHoYo with the claim that they are 'greedy for money' and 'blackmailing is a normal thing in their corporation politics'. Claiming miHoYo is not in the right for referring to violation of their Terms of Service and that it is a 'fraud' to use them 'as argument in DMCA'. Raising a question about the kernel level access the game has to computers, conveniently forgetting that this is agreed upon by the users via the Terms of Service. Publicly implying that watermarking the images is okay because it leads to a website crediting the original rightsholders and claiming that 'copyright laws are pretty sure correct and fulfilled here'. Claiming miHoYo can only enforce ownership of their trademarks, an objectively false claim because intellectual property laws protect a wide range of creative content, including but not limited to literary, graphical and auditory works. Implying they are not breaking any laws by publishing unreleased content because they didn't sign an NDA, despite the very reason the information ended up in their hands was via violation of such an NDA and the content still being protected by copyright. Ridiculing the takedown notice by summarizing it as follows: "We own the game and trademark, so we want you to remove the fansite and stop writing about our game". Subsequently, they claim that this is a 'gray area in laws' and implies that miHoYo can cancel anyway, adding on the following: "Thus they consider any content related to Genshin Impact as their own content", implying that miHoYo doesn't actually own the copyright to said content and others are free to do with it whatever they please. "MiHoYo wanted to solve their issue with our ISP, Ionos, without notifying us, silently, which could make us lose the result of almost a year of developing, all databases and all other projects." This speaks for itself. Poor Honeyhunterworld doing all that effort to violate intellectual property law and facing the consequences of getting shut down. Publicly stating he intends to continue hosting the content via other means, and thus continue violating miHoYo's intellectual property. "Ionos gives us few days more to transfer. We’re migrating to DMCA ignored hosting." More whataboutism on his twitter account, referring to other sites making more money with copyrighted content as if that somehow makes his own actions legal. Claiming they will remove any copyrighted content relating to miHoYo, despite the website still hosting said content. Claiming they will remove watermarks over the weeks, despite being ordered to take down the content immediately. Publishing the following defaming 'disclaimer' (in both English and Chinese): "Genshit Infarct™ is a registered trademark of MeMeHoYo Co., Ltd. This website is made for educational and research purpose (and us, eating macaroni). Images and data belong to decaying mind of mentally unstable game designer, considering himself a brain-damaged horse suffering from PTSD syndrome, caused by multiple copium infusions and are pretty fictional. Any similarity of names, data or images with resources of gambling waifu game with 3+ ESRB Rating, developed by some third party company, whos whole legal department can't make a clear paragraph in English, are entirely coincidental. Country flag icons are subject of free Flaticon license, made by Freepik © 2021 Honey Impact - Genshin Impact DB and Tools." Holy hell thank you for the complete timeline. I personally have heavy anxiety for indulging myself on any types of conflict and I easily cry too. so I tend too avoid those issue and rather make my post on a positive light of alternative websites to use for Genshin Players. Thank you for making this comment. So are people just boycotting the site now? lol I saw a lot of people on twitter boycotting the site now and with how the "can't make paragraph in english" saw the owner of the site as racist they're kinda saying they don't care if honey actually gets sued or something ah…well twitter will be twitter i guess. I’m never one for drama so i’ll continue using the site as it’s certainly the best around when it comes to info lol. Edit:Kinda funny how i’m getting downvotes for simply using a public site LOL y’all childish. Yeah twitter can be pretty dramatic but I would suggest using a different website so you can get used to using the different site, especially since honey will most probably be gone pretty soon as it's legally hunted. Correct me if i’m wrong but aren’t they safe now since they migrated? And they also have everything archived for future use. They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them. So true. People here actually looks like just for dramas and weird fights instead of game stuff mainly. Like, Honey best place for nice info about upcoming stuff. Which helps to plan alot of Ur poor gems income. I don't see ANY reason not to use it and so waste alot of potential for Ur game-account. But people here can't accept such attitude, you either fight here for their reasons or you will be flamed. =) Do not give a fuck who owns site and what is the mess there , all I need from it - info and that's all. I'm not using it cause "blabla I love those site owners" lol. I don't even know who they are. Its not my interest. I'm there only for game info. Not owners info, not drama info or anything.
Holy hell thank you for the complete timeline. I personally have heavy anxiety for indulging myself on any types of conflict and I easily cry too. so I tend too avoid those issue and rather make my post on a positive light of alternative websites to use for Genshin Players. Thank you for making this comment.
So are people just boycotting the site now? lol I saw a lot of people on twitter boycotting the site now and with how the "can't make paragraph in english" saw the owner of the site as racist they're kinda saying they don't care if honey actually gets sued or something ah…well twitter will be twitter i guess. I’m never one for drama so i’ll continue using the site as it’s certainly the best around when it comes to info lol. Edit:Kinda funny how i’m getting downvotes for simply using a public site LOL y’all childish. Yeah twitter can be pretty dramatic but I would suggest using a different website so you can get used to using the different site, especially since honey will most probably be gone pretty soon as it's legally hunted. Correct me if i’m wrong but aren’t they safe now since they migrated? And they also have everything archived for future use. They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them. So true. People here actually looks like just for dramas and weird fights instead of game stuff mainly. Like, Honey best place for nice info about upcoming stuff. Which helps to plan alot of Ur poor gems income. I don't see ANY reason not to use it and so waste alot of potential for Ur game-account. But people here can't accept such attitude, you either fight here for their reasons or you will be flamed. =) Do not give a fuck who owns site and what is the mess there , all I need from it - info and that's all. I'm not using it cause "blabla I love those site owners" lol. I don't even know who they are. Its not my interest. I'm there only for game info. Not owners info, not drama info or anything.
I saw a lot of people on twitter boycotting the site now and with how the "can't make paragraph in english" saw the owner of the site as racist they're kinda saying they don't care if honey actually gets sued or something ah…well twitter will be twitter i guess. I’m never one for drama so i’ll continue using the site as it’s certainly the best around when it comes to info lol. Edit:Kinda funny how i’m getting downvotes for simply using a public site LOL y’all childish. Yeah twitter can be pretty dramatic but I would suggest using a different website so you can get used to using the different site, especially since honey will most probably be gone pretty soon as it's legally hunted. Correct me if i’m wrong but aren’t they safe now since they migrated? And they also have everything archived for future use. They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them. So true. People here actually looks like just for dramas and weird fights instead of game stuff mainly. Like, Honey best place for nice info about upcoming stuff. Which helps to plan alot of Ur poor gems income. I don't see ANY reason not to use it and so waste alot of potential for Ur game-account. But people here can't accept such attitude, you either fight here for their reasons or you will be flamed. =) Do not give a fuck who owns site and what is the mess there , all I need from it - info and that's all. I'm not using it cause "blabla I love those site owners" lol. I don't even know who they are. Its not my interest. I'm there only for game info. Not owners info, not drama info or anything.
ah…well twitter will be twitter i guess. I’m never one for drama so i’ll continue using the site as it’s certainly the best around when it comes to info lol. Edit:Kinda funny how i’m getting downvotes for simply using a public site LOL y’all childish. Yeah twitter can be pretty dramatic but I would suggest using a different website so you can get used to using the different site, especially since honey will most probably be gone pretty soon as it's legally hunted. Correct me if i’m wrong but aren’t they safe now since they migrated? And they also have everything archived for future use. They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them. So true. People here actually looks like just for dramas and weird fights instead of game stuff mainly. Like, Honey best place for nice info about upcoming stuff. Which helps to plan alot of Ur poor gems income. I don't see ANY reason not to use it and so waste alot of potential for Ur game-account. But people here can't accept such attitude, you either fight here for their reasons or you will be flamed. =) Do not give a fuck who owns site and what is the mess there , all I need from it - info and that's all. I'm not using it cause "blabla I love those site owners" lol. I don't even know who they are. Its not my interest. I'm there only for game info. Not owners info, not drama info or anything.
Yeah twitter can be pretty dramatic but I would suggest using a different website so you can get used to using the different site, especially since honey will most probably be gone pretty soon as it's legally hunted. Correct me if i’m wrong but aren’t they safe now since they migrated? And they also have everything archived for future use. They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them.
Correct me if i’m wrong but aren’t they safe now since they migrated? And they also have everything archived for future use. They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them.
They are migrating and people have archived their stuff via copying it to pdf files or using wayback machine archiving
So long as they continue to profit off of the content they do not own and ignore the takedown notices sent by mihoyo, they will not be getting off. The blatant insult of the company in their joke of a disclaimer on the new site is asking mihoyo to make an example of them.
So true. People here actually looks like just for dramas and weird fights instead of game stuff mainly. Like, Honey best place for nice info about upcoming stuff. Which helps to plan alot of Ur poor gems income. I don't see ANY reason not to use it and so waste alot of potential for Ur game-account. But people here can't accept such attitude, you either fight here for their reasons or you will be flamed. =) Do not give a fuck who owns site and what is the mess there , all I need from it - info and that's all. I'm not using it cause "blabla I love those site owners" lol. I don't even know who they are. Its not my interest. I'm there only for game info. Not owners info, not drama info or anything.
I wonder would it be possible for the mods to update the side bar with this info? Under useful links. I'd love to if they do it, but I think they can't since the sub is mainly promoting their official website. Do correct me if I'm wrong.
I'd love to if they do it, but I think they can't since the sub is mainly promoting their official website. Do correct me if I'm wrong.
I would add https://genshin-center.com/ similar to paimon.moe and seelie, they've got functions where you can add custom tasks, track achievements, as well as a function to input your inventory. Late post here but I strongly recommend this one for their ascension planner. The interface makes it VERY easy to update your materials as you do domains / ley lines / world bosses. Adding the trounce domains takes slightly more effort but still really easy to update everything. I liked it the most out of all the planner tools I tried so far Bonus: You can log in with a (throwaway) google account so you can track progress easier across multiple devices
Late post here but I strongly recommend this one for their ascension planner. The interface makes it VERY easy to update your materials as you do domains / ley lines / world bosses. Adding the trounce domains takes slightly more effort but still really easy to update everything. I liked it the most out of all the planner tools I tried so far Bonus: You can log in with a (throwaway) google account so you can track progress easier across multiple devices
I use https://www.gscale.cc/ which is handy on giving you total estimated materials you need to build your team. It is straightforward and simple to use. Oohh this one is nice too. Thanks for sharing!
Oohh this one is nice too. Thanks for sharing!
god i love the fandom wiki so much specificallly for the lore aspec i know many don't care but there is hidden lore strewn all over the wiki like charavkters that appeared in the same trailer as ayaka (lyney lynetter iansan cyno ...) had their own pages for a long while now  even some harbringers who we don't even know what they look like (pierro pulcinella sandrone il capitano) and leave the meaning and inspiration of the names at the end of the page and even have trivia where they mention stuff that wad left out of the translation you even could look up khaen'ria lore before it h!ppened in the game Me too! the Wiki is basically my bible for any story games lmao
Me too! the Wiki is basically my bible for any story games lmao
For Android users if you have to check something out in your phone, there's Shiori App https://github.com/Wolfteam/Shiori In the Android playstore it's called GenshinDb I think. It doesn't have everything that HH has, but it's a very useful alternative. This is the first time I heard and android App helper. Thanks for sharing!
This is the first time I heard and android App helper. Thanks for sharing!
Anyone know some lore/story text collection sites that also have original CN? Sorry, personally I have no Idea regarding this
Sorry, personally I have no Idea regarding this
Paimon.moe looks neat but is it safe to automatically let it read your wish history? Its essentially reading a client-side text file. Not your account info, not your UID, not your password. If you're not sure, you can read their FAQ first regarding the system. Otherwise you can manually input your own data (just keeping the big pulls) or you can avoid using it. It is safe though since it basically only reads data from the History website
Its essentially reading a client-side text file. Not your account info, not your UID, not your password.
If you're not sure, you can read their FAQ first regarding the system. Otherwise you can manually input your own data (just keeping the big pulls) or you can avoid using it. It is safe though since it basically only reads data from the History website
版主已移除评论 It does neatly formatted. Thanks for sharing!
It does neatly formatted. Thanks for sharing!
Genshin wishes is also pretty neat
Hey there! I know this is a really old post, but I just wanted to add my fav ones! Also, thank you so much for making this post, it's really interesting to see how much the fan community puts effort into these things! It just shows how creative and passionate they are about Genshin! Genshin Center - my fav website next to paimon.moe, it does so many - you can check all you need to know about the characters (including their talent multipliers on every level), weapons, make a character/weapon ascension to-do list, track achievements, and calculate damage. It's also got the Teyvat Interactive Map embedded into their website, so you don't need to mark everything all over again - all the data from your map (given that you are logged in on the original website) are synced into the one on this website. Shinshin.moe - one of the most useful tools out there, it makes sharing your builds so, so easy! Freemogem Calculator - a godsend for fellow F2Ps that don't have the energy and time to count the number of freemogems available each patch. Helps with planning your primogems! TakaGG's achievement tracker - I personally use this tracker out of every other tracker out there, because some achievements have links to direct you to video guides made by the MVP TakaGG~ The ones with video guides are written with yellow text. Aight that's all from me! After all, I'm writing this here so that I myself can use it as a reference too! A late reply for an old reply Replyception Thanks for adding your own list!  a nice addition to my outside resource for sure!
A late reply for an old reply Replyception Thanks for adding your own list!  a nice addition to my outside resource for sure!
You guys are missing the Holy Bible of Teyvat . No idea who you are, but shoutout to the person who created this! Someone help credit them please! Holy shit, to be honest this is the most dedicated community I have been ever!
Holy shit, to be honest this is the most dedicated community I have been ever!
Paimon.moe is great. I use it to check my achievement progress all the time.
Is there a site with enemy resistances all listed out? Maybe this is what you search. genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Resistance It's not fully updated or in a format I like, but that is mostly what I'm looking for, thanks. This is a spreadsheet maintained by kqm and it should be fairly updated
Maybe this is what you search. genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Resistance It's not fully updated or in a format I like, but that is mostly what I'm looking for, thanks.
It's not fully updated or in a format I like, but that is mostly what I'm looking for, thanks.
This is a spreadsheet maintained by kqm and it should be fairly updated
https://mondstats.com/ is also very useful
If I had any rewards, I would give it to you!
On the Genshin Impact calculator, is there any way to hide that top banner bar (with "Calculator About Log In Help" displayed)? It completely stops you from being able to interact with the menu behind it, where you select between character, artifact, and other options. Seems like a totally unusable site if you're on desktop with a 16:9 aspect ratio. It used to be hideable before, but for some reason it can't for now. I suggest for the meantime check the comments for other calculator that's available! Thank you for the feedback!
It used to be hideable before, but for some reason it can't for now. I suggest for the meantime check the comments for other calculator that's available! Thank you for the feedback!
since the usual sites are already here like paimon.moe , spiralabyss, would add the following: https://genshin.mingyulab.com/character/party_analysis -dmg calc/ dmg optimizer/ hexagonal chart party analyzer https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&u=https://w-jp.com/genshin/ -dmg calc/ recommended sets and gear from jp players Ooohhh thanks for adding the list of the websites!
Ooohhh thanks for adding the list of the websites!
Genshin Wishes A wish tracker alternative to paimon.moe
Is there a page on which I can listen to all voice lines? Or at least read them? While they don't have Audio, the Genshin Fandom Wiki does have the voice line in text! You can search for the character you want and they will be an option of "Voice over". Edit : I'm an idiot hahaha, check the comment below. there is audio there but for some reason my mobile screen (which is what always use for wiki) never show the play audio button. thanks! What do you mean fandom wiki has all voicelines with audio. Ooohhh thank you for correcting me, I just check it again with my PC and turns out they do have the little play button there XD. I'm an idiot for not realizing this. Just in English or in more languages? The voiceover is English only for quests, but includes all EN JP CN KR for characters. My page is in English, i haven't seen other language options though
While they don't have Audio, the Genshin Fandom Wiki does have the voice line in text! You can search for the character you want and they will be an option of "Voice over". Edit : I'm an idiot hahaha, check the comment below. there is audio there but for some reason my mobile screen (which is what always use for wiki) never show the play audio button. thanks! What do you mean fandom wiki has all voicelines with audio. Ooohhh thank you for correcting me, I just check it again with my PC and turns out they do have the little play button there XD. I'm an idiot for not realizing this. Just in English or in more languages? The voiceover is English only for quests, but includes all EN JP CN KR for characters. My page is in English, i haven't seen other language options though
What do you mean fandom wiki has all voicelines with audio. Ooohhh thank you for correcting me, I just check it again with my PC and turns out they do have the little play button there XD. I'm an idiot for not realizing this.
Ooohhh thank you for correcting me, I just check it again with my PC and turns out they do have the little play button there XD. I'm an idiot for not realizing this.
Just in English or in more languages? The voiceover is English only for quests, but includes all EN JP CN KR for characters. My page is in English, i haven't seen other language options though
The voiceover is English only for quests, but includes all EN JP CN KR for characters.
My page is in English, i haven't seen other language options though
I've hit a point where the future characters either have no release or I'm not too bothered by. The question is whether I want to go for C1/2 Baal or not. Didn't fancy Ayaka and Yoimiya's auto-attacks felt garbage in the story so I avoided them both, with all the content I've got enough for at least another 200 wishes.
Nah no need. Honey impact is back Seriously.  But this is the place that censored Raiden posts, it’s White Knight HQ. How dare you come here, Honey bootlicker? Y’all are so pathetic 🤣 Ah yes, the people who is earning 5 figures revenue per month off someone's property is definitely the good guys. pathetic racist edit just in case you don't believe me: https://twitter.com/GOUHEART/status/1436957877604814853/photo/2 1 question - why the fuck do I even need to know who are owners of site and how good are they??? I'm using site for info about game, that's all. I don't give a fuck (and I should not) about who own it. Cause I'm.not a drama queen like you guys. I need info - there is info - I'm reading it and I'm good. The end. All Ur fights with owner and other shit are NOT related to a game. So... Once again, I'm here only cause game - why should I be bothered with not related to game stuff like owners of websites with info? =)
Seriously.  But this is the place that censored Raiden posts, it’s White Knight HQ. How dare you come here, Honey bootlicker? Y’all are so pathetic 🤣 Ah yes, the people who is earning 5 figures revenue per month off someone's property is definitely the good guys. pathetic racist edit just in case you don't believe me: https://twitter.com/GOUHEART/status/1436957877604814853/photo/2 1 question - why the fuck do I even need to know who are owners of site and how good are they??? I'm using site for info about game, that's all. I don't give a fuck (and I should not) about who own it. Cause I'm.not a drama queen like you guys. I need info - there is info - I'm reading it and I'm good. The end. All Ur fights with owner and other shit are NOT related to a game. So... Once again, I'm here only cause game - why should I be bothered with not related to game stuff like owners of websites with info? =)
How dare you come here, Honey bootlicker? Y’all are so pathetic 🤣 Ah yes, the people who is earning 5 figures revenue per month off someone's property is definitely the good guys. pathetic racist edit just in case you don't believe me: https://twitter.com/GOUHEART/status/1436957877604814853/photo/2 1 question - why the fuck do I even need to know who are owners of site and how good are they??? I'm using site for info about game, that's all. I don't give a fuck (and I should not) about who own it. Cause I'm.not a drama queen like you guys. I need info - there is info - I'm reading it and I'm good. The end. All Ur fights with owner and other shit are NOT related to a game. So... Once again, I'm here only cause game - why should I be bothered with not related to game stuff like owners of websites with info? =)
Y’all are so pathetic 🤣 Ah yes, the people who is earning 5 figures revenue per month off someone's property is definitely the good guys. pathetic racist edit just in case you don't believe me: https://twitter.com/GOUHEART/status/1436957877604814853/photo/2 1 question - why the fuck do I even need to know who are owners of site and how good are they??? I'm using site for info about game, that's all. I don't give a fuck (and I should not) about who own it. Cause I'm.not a drama queen like you guys. I need info - there is info - I'm reading it and I'm good. The end. All Ur fights with owner and other shit are NOT related to a game. So... Once again, I'm here only cause game - why should I be bothered with not related to game stuff like owners of websites with info? =)
Ah yes, the people who is earning 5 figures revenue per month off someone's property is definitely the good guys. pathetic racist edit just in case you don't believe me: https://twitter.com/GOUHEART/status/1436957877604814853/photo/2 1 question - why the fuck do I even need to know who are owners of site and how good are they??? I'm using site for info about game, that's all. I don't give a fuck (and I should not) about who own it. Cause I'm.not a drama queen like you guys. I need info - there is info - I'm reading it and I'm good. The end. All Ur fights with owner and other shit are NOT related to a game. So... Once again, I'm here only cause game - why should I be bothered with not related to game stuff like owners of websites with info? =)
1 question - why the fuck do I even need to know who are owners of site and how good are they??? I'm using site for info about game, that's all. I don't give a fuck (and I should not) about who own it. Cause I'm.not a drama queen like you guys. I need info - there is info - I'm reading it and I'm good. The end. All Ur fights with owner and other shit are NOT related to a game. So... Once again, I'm here only cause game - why should I be bothered with not related to game stuff like owners of websites with info? =)
Cool, but I'll still use honey hunter for character details. I dont give a fuck, I'm sure the designers didnt feel to bad. If they did they probably whipped their tears with multiple dollar bills, dw they had enough for everyone. Hello, thanks for the feedback! Of course you can still use Honey as usual. It's everyone's freedom! This list is aiming to introduce to people about other website with utilities for Genshin Players. Same , why we need to even think about owners or all this drama? We are using site for info and that's all we need to know. Lol. Drama warriors are weird as always.
Hello, thanks for the feedback! Of course you can still use Honey as usual. It's everyone's freedom! This list is aiming to introduce to people about other website with utilities for Genshin Players.
Same , why we need to even think about owners or all this drama? We are using site for info and that's all we need to know. Lol. Drama warriors are weird as always.
This list is so petty. lol what Stop being a honey bootlicker plss thankuu
lol what
Stop being a honey bootlicker plss thankuu
All of these are probably gonna get takedown notices from Mihoyo within 6 months so enjoy them while you can They don't publish leaks, they don't watermark Mihoyo's assets. Those websites are 100% safe. But they still use Mihoyo's assets. If Honey gets shut down and another site starts getting the traffic that Honey used to get Mihoyo will probably take them down too. https://genshin.mihoyo.com/en/company/terms The key is "un-public information", "commercial purpose", and "create derivative works" which are all violated by honeyhunter. Regardless I'm still iffy about how Mihoyo worded their takedown notice. They didn't tell Honey just to remove the "un-public information" and watermarks, they asked him to take the whole site down. Which is why I'm worried for other sites that provide database-like features using in-game assets because Mihoyo could go after them as well. Lol no they didn’t tell honey to take the whole website down Honey misrepresented the situation and played the victim Mihoyo clearly only wanted the Genshin part taken down and did the professional thing going to the host Honey had a meltdown on how they were backstabbed because the host decided to give 24 hours before the whole site goes down - not what mihoyo asked them to do In the first place there is zero working relationship between them so zero obligation to contact them personally - THAT would be unprofessional
They don't publish leaks, they don't watermark Mihoyo's assets. Those websites are 100% safe. But they still use Mihoyo's assets. If Honey gets shut down and another site starts getting the traffic that Honey used to get Mihoyo will probably take them down too. https://genshin.mihoyo.com/en/company/terms The key is "un-public information", "commercial purpose", and "create derivative works" which are all violated by honeyhunter. Regardless I'm still iffy about how Mihoyo worded their takedown notice. They didn't tell Honey just to remove the "un-public information" and watermarks, they asked him to take the whole site down. Which is why I'm worried for other sites that provide database-like features using in-game assets because Mihoyo could go after them as well. Lol no they didn’t tell honey to take the whole website down Honey misrepresented the situation and played the victim Mihoyo clearly only wanted the Genshin part taken down and did the professional thing going to the host Honey had a meltdown on how they were backstabbed because the host decided to give 24 hours before the whole site goes down - not what mihoyo asked them to do In the first place there is zero working relationship between them so zero obligation to contact them personally - THAT would be unprofessional
But they still use Mihoyo's assets. If Honey gets shut down and another site starts getting the traffic that Honey used to get Mihoyo will probably take them down too. https://genshin.mihoyo.com/en/company/terms The key is "un-public information", "commercial purpose", and "create derivative works" which are all violated by honeyhunter. Regardless I'm still iffy about how Mihoyo worded their takedown notice. They didn't tell Honey just to remove the "un-public information" and watermarks, they asked him to take the whole site down. Which is why I'm worried for other sites that provide database-like features using in-game assets because Mihoyo could go after them as well. Lol no they didn’t tell honey to take the whole website down Honey misrepresented the situation and played the victim Mihoyo clearly only wanted the Genshin part taken down and did the professional thing going to the host Honey had a meltdown on how they were backstabbed because the host decided to give 24 hours before the whole site goes down - not what mihoyo asked them to do In the first place there is zero working relationship between them so zero obligation to contact them personally - THAT would be unprofessional
https://genshin.mihoyo.com/en/company/terms The key is "un-public information", "commercial purpose", and "create derivative works" which are all violated by honeyhunter. Regardless I'm still iffy about how Mihoyo worded their takedown notice. They didn't tell Honey just to remove the "un-public information" and watermarks, they asked him to take the whole site down. Which is why I'm worried for other sites that provide database-like features using in-game assets because Mihoyo could go after them as well. Lol no they didn’t tell honey to take the whole website down Honey misrepresented the situation and played the victim Mihoyo clearly only wanted the Genshin part taken down and did the professional thing going to the host Honey had a meltdown on how they were backstabbed because the host decided to give 24 hours before the whole site goes down - not what mihoyo asked them to do In the first place there is zero working relationship between them so zero obligation to contact them personally - THAT would be unprofessional
Regardless I'm still iffy about how Mihoyo worded their takedown notice. They didn't tell Honey just to remove the "un-public information" and watermarks, they asked him to take the whole site down. Which is why I'm worried for other sites that provide database-like features using in-game assets because Mihoyo could go after them as well. Lol no they didn’t tell honey to take the whole website down Honey misrepresented the situation and played the victim Mihoyo clearly only wanted the Genshin part taken down and did the professional thing going to the host Honey had a meltdown on how they were backstabbed because the host decided to give 24 hours before the whole site goes down - not what mihoyo asked them to do In the first place there is zero working relationship between them so zero obligation to contact them personally - THAT would be unprofessional
Lol no they didn’t tell honey to take the whole website down Honey misrepresented the situation and played the victim Mihoyo clearly only wanted the Genshin part taken down and did the professional thing going to the host Honey had a meltdown on how they were backstabbed because the host decided to give 24 hours before the whole site goes down - not what mihoyo asked them to do In the first place there is zero working relationship between them so zero obligation to contact them personally - THAT would be unprofessional
Thanks dude I'll be saving this
