================================================================================  评论列表:
Happened to me for the chicken and to the deer track me Same! Duskveil took a while to beat without spells but it wasn't too hard I died to that more than I'd like to admit before I realized if I save all or most of my mana for phase 2 I'll be just fine. For me it was the flaming moutain deity. Beat him up only to face his fish without much mana left. Oh me too 😂 1 cloud step worth of mana left for the fish. Still slapped him though. Snake boy chapter 1. I finally kill him! Nope - phase 2 -.- Originally there was phase 3 planned, thank God they removed it Could be neat for any future DLC, a mythic version to fight. Yo out of every boss (first play through chapter 4) the snake boy almost made me quit. Bosses have been 10 times easier since I got past him lol Snake boy? lol I can’t remember his name but he is the boss right before the last bell first two phase boss The Naga dude. You fight him in the water area. White clad noble My brother said he thought his name was "Whitechad" and we've never corrected it 😂 easy name reference Everyone did it xD For sure. I just had a hard time getting to him, and then I felt like I was over-leveled for him and that I finally beat a boss without having to spend hours. I was wrong. Happened to me fighting the first water guy, it sucked so bad💀💀
Same! Duskveil took a while to beat without spells but it wasn't too hard I died to that more than I'd like to admit before I realized if I save all or most of my mana for phase 2 I'll be just fine.
I died to that more than I'd like to admit before I realized if I save all or most of my mana for phase 2 I'll be just fine.
For me it was the flaming moutain deity. Beat him up only to face his fish without much mana left. Oh me too 😂 1 cloud step worth of mana left for the fish. Still slapped him though.
Oh me too 😂 1 cloud step worth of mana left for the fish. Still slapped him though.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Sand__Panda 点赞: 28 时间: 2024-10-03T11:42:39.045000+0000 内容: Snake boy chapter 1. I finally kill him! Nope - phase 2 -.- Originally there was phase 3 planned, thank God they removed it Could be neat for any future DLC, a mythic version to fight. Yo out of every boss (first play through chapter 4) the snake boy almost made me quit. Bosses have been 10 times easier since I got past him lol Snake boy? lol I can’t remember his name but he is the boss right before the last bell first two phase boss The Naga dude. You fight him in the water area. White clad noble My brother said he thought his name was "Whitechad" and we've never corrected it 😂 easy name reference Everyone did it xD For sure. I just had a hard time getting to him, and then I felt like I was over-leveled for him and that I finally beat a boss without having to spend hours. I was wrong.
Originally there was phase 3 planned, thank God they removed it Could be neat for any future DLC, a mythic version to fight.
Could be neat for any future DLC, a mythic version to fight.
Yo out of every boss (first play through chapter 4) the snake boy almost made me quit. Bosses have been 10 times easier since I got past him lol Snake boy? lol I can’t remember his name but he is the boss right before the last bell first two phase boss The Naga dude. You fight him in the water area. White clad noble My brother said he thought his name was "Whitechad" and we've never corrected it 😂 easy name reference
Snake boy? lol I can’t remember his name but he is the boss right before the last bell first two phase boss The Naga dude. You fight him in the water area. White clad noble
lol I can’t remember his name but he is the boss right before the last bell first two phase boss
The Naga dude. You fight him in the water area.
White clad noble
My brother said he thought his name was "Whitechad" and we've never corrected it 😂 easy name reference
Everyone did it xD For sure. I just had a hard time getting to him, and then I felt like I was over-leveled for him and that I finally beat a boss without having to spend hours. I was wrong.
For sure. I just had a hard time getting to him, and then I felt like I was over-leveled for him and that I finally beat a boss without having to spend hours. I was wrong.
Happened to me fighting the first water guy, it sucked so bad💀💀
And no more gourd uses left This is a post by itself lol In ng+ with no gord uses left (I am about to die and a ng+ spell will activate)
This is a post by itself lol
In ng+ with no gord uses left (I am about to die and a ng+ spell will activate)
Jokes on them I never had mana to start with Spellbinder? Yep I haven’t got that yet what is it , I’m only 70% thru chapter 3 & I don’t mind spoilers I’ve seen plenty they don’t bother me so no need to censor anything to me A spell that locks all other spells, spirits, transformations, and vessels in exchange for a semi-permanent damage boost and decreased stamina cost. Also it ups your crit rate iirc Damn that sounds dope And the more mana you have, the bigger the boost. So your character gets to be a genius that uses only the unga bunga style. Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use. It's actually a reward for beating the secret boss in chapter 3. Must find the dude who needs saving with ring of fire & exhaust his dialog. Near the 1st shrine where the frost frog boss is at. There is a path you can take all the way down & there's a cliff you can jump down. Must have saved the man after getting off the turtle as well. He's past Chen loong getting jumped by monsters. Spellbinder = 8th inner gate, OPEN!! What about the gourd?  You still neee to heal right? You can still use the gourd And the resurrection spell works with it as well.
Spellbinder? Yep I haven’t got that yet what is it , I’m only 70% thru chapter 3 & I don’t mind spoilers I’ve seen plenty they don’t bother me so no need to censor anything to me A spell that locks all other spells, spirits, transformations, and vessels in exchange for a semi-permanent damage boost and decreased stamina cost. Also it ups your crit rate iirc Damn that sounds dope And the more mana you have, the bigger the boost. So your character gets to be a genius that uses only the unga bunga style. Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use. It's actually a reward for beating the secret boss in chapter 3. Must find the dude who needs saving with ring of fire & exhaust his dialog. Near the 1st shrine where the frost frog boss is at. There is a path you can take all the way down & there's a cliff you can jump down. Must have saved the man after getting off the turtle as well. He's past Chen loong getting jumped by monsters. Spellbinder = 8th inner gate, OPEN!!
Yep
I haven’t got that yet what is it , I’m only 70% thru chapter 3 & I don’t mind spoilers I’ve seen plenty they don’t bother me so no need to censor anything to me A spell that locks all other spells, spirits, transformations, and vessels in exchange for a semi-permanent damage boost and decreased stamina cost. Also it ups your crit rate iirc Damn that sounds dope And the more mana you have, the bigger the boost. So your character gets to be a genius that uses only the unga bunga style. Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use. It's actually a reward for beating the secret boss in chapter 3. Must find the dude who needs saving with ring of fire & exhaust his dialog. Near the 1st shrine where the frost frog boss is at. There is a path you can take all the way down & there's a cliff you can jump down. Must have saved the man after getting off the turtle as well. He's past Chen loong getting jumped by monsters. Spellbinder = 8th inner gate, OPEN!!
A spell that locks all other spells, spirits, transformations, and vessels in exchange for a semi-permanent damage boost and decreased stamina cost. Also it ups your crit rate iirc Damn that sounds dope And the more mana you have, the bigger the boost. So your character gets to be a genius that uses only the unga bunga style. Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use.
Also it ups your crit rate iirc
Damn that sounds dope And the more mana you have, the bigger the boost. So your character gets to be a genius that uses only the unga bunga style. Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use.
And the more mana you have, the bigger the boost. So your character gets to be a genius that uses only the unga bunga style. Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use.
Funny enough I never even used Spellbinder once, using spells and transformations is just more fun. Especially since immobilization, baby monk and yellow loong transformation were more than enough for me to beat almost every boss in chapter 6 first try lol. But if I do ever start an NG+ maybe I'll try Spellbinder. I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use.
I use Spellbinder when I can’t effectively use my spells. This usually happens with beefy bosses. I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use.
I recommend using it for exploring too, because honestly having that huge damage boost is way more convenient compared to having spells you wont use on 97% of the mobs aside from blue flame spirits / bosses, which as you pointed out is also where it is great to use.
It's actually a reward for beating the secret boss in chapter 3. Must find the dude who needs saving with ring of fire & exhaust his dialog. Near the 1st shrine where the frost frog boss is at. There is a path you can take all the way down & there's a cliff you can jump down. Must have saved the man after getting off the turtle as well. He's past Chen loong getting jumped by monsters.
Spellbinder = 8th inner gate, OPEN!!
What about the gourd?  You still neee to heal right? You can still use the gourd And the resurrection spell works with it as well.
You can still use the gourd And the resurrection spell works with it as well.
And the resurrection spell works with it as well.
both chapter1 snake and chapter 6 deer hit me hard on this fuck that stupid fucking snake bro. literally fell off my bed while beating him on my like 25th attempt. bros attacks were brutal and I tried to rush in like an idiot. The White Clad Noble really fucked me up psychologically. He was so early on and had the second stage. I just assumed there would so so many more bosses who did this. So much so I always saved mana for the harder phases that never came. So much so I didn't really use pluck of many until the 5th chapter. Felt like I really missed out on using my full kit most the game. Oh well NG+ there will be blood! NG+ easier that first playthrough lol, go nuts with pluck of many and 6th relic: unified minds. you have a companion on phase 2 of the deer, not so hard that time i didnt know bajie can solo it, he always runaway druing other fight XD. So i take all my left hp to fight deer 2nd form and die repeatedly..
fuck that stupid fucking snake bro. literally fell off my bed while beating him on my like 25th attempt. bros attacks were brutal and I tried to rush in like an idiot.
The White Clad Noble really fucked me up psychologically. He was so early on and had the second stage. I just assumed there would so so many more bosses who did this. So much so I always saved mana for the harder phases that never came. So much so I didn't really use pluck of many until the 5th chapter. Felt like I really missed out on using my full kit most the game. Oh well NG+ there will be blood! NG+ easier that first playthrough lol, go nuts with pluck of many and 6th relic: unified minds.
NG+ easier that first playthrough lol, go nuts with pluck of many and 6th relic: unified minds.
you have a companion on phase 2 of the deer, not so hard that time i didnt know bajie can solo it, he always runaway druing other fight XD. So i take all my left hp to fight deer 2nd form and die repeatedly..
that time i didnt know bajie can solo it, he always runaway druing other fight XD. So i take all my left hp to fight deer 2nd form and die repeatedly..
At least Erlang isn’t like this.  I heard originally they had his dog as another attacker, and we must fight 2 at once.  But they scrapped the idea and the dog is just another lousy attack of his. I don't think his dog ever hit me. It's his most poorly aimed attack. And erlang technically has three phases over three boss bars.
I don't think his dog ever hit me. It's his most poorly aimed attack. And erlang technically has three phases over three boss bars.
Wukong: Monke dies twice
Spellbinder spammer. All Taijutsu no ninjutsu 😤 Spellbinder=taking off the weights
Spellbinder=taking off the weights
Meanwhile, us Based rock solid build users getting 100% of their mana back for every successful cast
Felt this in my mf soul
Omg the first time I fought that royal dude at the end of like chapter 1 or 2
Jokes on them I die in the first part
Bruh.  Didnt Whiteclad Noble dude teach you a thing or two? Haha
And then proceed to get that boss to a quarter of his health but struggle to get him anywhere near half his health the next 10 tries
Hate when you defeat the boss, but don't get an achievement... You know what that means :/
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Epicgamestar303 点赞: 4 时间: 2024-10-03T16:27:35.898000+0000 内容: That water snake man in chapter 1
The fast flip flop between glee “I got him!!” brief pause To “Oh hell no, I’m screwed!” is always disheartening….  😂
No one tell him about phase 3
I learned this shit early and started to upgrade mana, as well learn to control my usage ASAP.
And have 0 gourd uses. Fml ☕
I remember in my first playthrough the snake guy in chapter 1  who had a phase 2 and the first time I beat his phase 1 was probably on my like 2nd or 3rd attempt and I was like “oh that’s not that bad”. Then phase 2 started and I looked at my empty mana and was just like “I am so fucked right now”.
Yaksha King! I thought it will be the easiest boss but it's only his first phase.
Didnt the whiteclad noble teach you this? Or dont tell me you didnt beat him. Second phases are just infrequent enough to not make you expect them I had a moment of horror when yellowbrow moved to phase 2…thank god I died and started back at the second phase…until phase 3. That made me quit for a bit.
Second phases are just infrequent enough to not make you expect them I had a moment of horror when yellowbrow moved to phase 2…thank god I died and started back at the second phase…until phase 3. That made me quit for a bit.
I had a moment of horror when yellowbrow moved to phase 2…thank god I died and started back at the second phase…until phase 3. That made me quit for a bit.
Then the boss one shots you after the second phase 😂
Time to die and start over
This shot is honestly a perfect reaction image.
I'm perfecting the art of (never use mana) only hitting and dodging
I do that just to do the fight quicker and I'm stubborn I will do it one way until I go insane
Round two! Fight!
I use life saving strand and will sometimes die on purpose to get a little back
looks at cloudtreading deer
Love the surprises
So real 😭
laughs in Spell Bind
Stone monkey has 4 parts. Fuck him. Fuck his life. And fuck that hes the bad ending
😂😂🤣😂
Or use all the def buff potions before the bear in the First chapter, now he can one shot me with maxed out health, would be nice to craft but that's chapter 2.
Resolute strike all day monke
1st time fighting White clad noble
Lol have done this a few times. Like wow man that was pretty easy
Depends on which Boss it Is. 1000 Eyed Daoist I had a Whole Different look on my Face for Phase 2 & it Wasn't Let's Do This !
Im glad they at least save for the really tough ones. Ds, bb, er, and sekiro give no fucks.
Some phases, you come back with full hp and mana on that phase if you die
Happened to me first time with duskveil, then I learned
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Elon_Bezos420 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-10-03T21:18:31.148000+0000 内容: Yup the rooster definitely got me with this one
Or just use spell binder….. it’s literally the best skill you get before ng+
Spellbind still best.
I have a funny feeling this game’s dlc will be just like erd tree in difficulty level.
that’s why i swapped to crit build haven’t used spells in so long lol whole ng+ run w spell binder and waxed every one
Never felt so deceived when this happened to me 😂
TBH, using your spells to beat bosses just makes it harder. Just learn the dodges right out of the get go, once you have a good run blast all your spells to finish it off.
Spellbinder. The learning curve is rough, but ngl it does make you feel like a g when you beat someone with just reflexes and combat skill
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: RHiNo415 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-10-04T06:59:30.607000+0000 内容: beats a boss for 5 different phases Boss- " AND NOW FOR MY FINAL FINAL FINAL FINAL FORM!!!!!"
Man, what a journey! It took me over 5hrs to beat the last boss and I am just overcome with joy! I've beat Demon Souls, Dark Souls 1, 2 & 3, Bloodborne, Elden Ring, Sekiro,  Lords of the Fallen, Lies of P and now Black Myth Wukong! Just finished this master piece of a game! I just wanted to write about it and spread my accomplishment! To anyone having trouble, just dont give up! Its a game of patience but so rewarding at the end! Goodluck everyone! 😌
If the boss' health goes down fairly quickly during your first try, expect there to be a second phase
Happened to me the first time fighting whiteclad noble
Stupid kicking Monk in act 3. Oh your hands are tied. Full offense, monkeys go! Oh... Hands are free now and you can throw them with 100% accuracy and see me in cloud step. Well damn.
I won't lie I never had this issue, I spend more time dodging attacks and fighting than I did using mana so I tended to never have this issue. The game seems to have felt easier to me than it did to everyone else and I dont know why since I'm normally known as the guy who isn't thay good at games like this.
Freaking Stone Monkey 🐒 beating my ass 😒 on phase 2  😤
Or phase 3, 4, or 5😭😭😭
💀
Dear god how Duskveil traumatized me
Thats duskveil for you
