It makes me wonder what made them think that's the estimate for this game. ================================================================================  评论列表:
That was one of the biggest lie along with the game being too easy. track me Yeah, sure most of the little bosses I can take down in one or 2 attempts, but starting in chapter 2 with Tiger Vanguard, Stone Vanguard, and the Yellow Wind Sage I was struggling. Took me an average of 30 attempts each. I've beaten Sekiro, I've beaten Elden Ring and those bosses felt comparable to the ones I struggled with in those two games. IDK why the Tiger Vangaurd gave me so much trouble. I died to him more than the Wind Sage. I found his moves harder to dodge than Wind Sage's, however Wind Sage had some kinda BS mechanics with the wind wall he could "hide" beyond, the disappearing section where you lose lock on at the end and have to readjust the camera to find him, and the heat seeking tornado. Not sure who took me more attempts, they were pretty comparable. Did you find the secret area of Chapter 2? Straight after I beat the main boss lol, it's fun to play without a guide but sometimes I wish there was a way to tell if you're exploring a side area or heading towards a big boss (it is more obvious in later chapters tbf) That thing helped SO MUCH. Of course, I used it and didn't completely forget it. Go away. Turning auto lock on in the options helps a lot with bs like that Thats crazy, i did to the sage 29 times and only 3 times to the tiger vanguard. I love how the game challenges different players, differently Because he has long choreographed moves at the last phase of the fight. Unless you have three focus points built up it would be hard to interrupt his moves I never played any soul-like games, and I was scared that I would get stuck on the tiger boss. Suprisingly cleared it after 5 attempts. I think Wuthering Waves helped me understand the basic mechanics of dodging and timing my combo lol. I just got to  Yellow Wind Sage and was struggling because the wind covers a lot of the moves making them very hard to read and time. Hopefully I can clear him after work today. Yellow Wind Sage just had frustrating mechanics. I found most of his moves easier to dodge than Tiger Vanguard, but once he started disappearing and then reappearing to attack I would get wrecked, especially since you lose tracking on him with the lock on. Then when he summoned that tornado, I had difficulty cause if I tried to press him that thing would sweep me up and his moves are harder to dodge when you're at a distance. Das y u get the wind vessel for him, insta stuns him lol. I found him easier than the tiger because of it haha Yeah after several attempts that's what I ended up doing, going out and doing the necessary steps to get it. After that, he was easier than the tiger. I cleared yesterday after work with the same energy you got today bro. GOODLUCK SOLDIER I didn’t find the tiger vanguard to be difficult at all, Yellow Wind Safe is a different story. He kept on going past the dust storm/tornado and I would try to attack him and I was hitting invisible barrier. But that boss was definitely pretty hard lol I’m totally opposite. Tiger vanguard took me forever. Yellow wind sage I was able to kill in like 5 attempts. That’s what I love about these games, everyone experiences it differently I remember I needed 5-6 hours of nonstop mental breakdown to beat malenia, and I was able to beat most bosses here within at most 30 minutes, some even first try. (Still have ptsd from malenia 🙃) Ye bloody liers haha but I suppose they said that to sell the game. If they said it was really hard maybe sells might be down. This game is amazing gonna be a 9 or 10 when I finish. But I keep been blown away by stuff like that huge fucking turtle he’s so cool and chill. So probably be a 10 for me when finished. I’ve seen people rating this game bad because of the challenging part of it. I suppose some people don’t have time for a hard boss work life etc. I love a challenging game yes it can be annoying facing the same boss over and over again. But I like that makes me fight harder haha. Ppl have to be trolling with the easy thing lol Some of these I just wander in and one shot them. Sometimes I get taken n out by a normal enemy for 40 mins I truly feel like the reviewers and youtubers who have said that formed an opinion solely based off playing chapter 1 because the difficulty spike once you reach chapter 2 is very noticeable for sure The difficulty system is messed up in some ways. If you tried to search everywhere in the first 4 chapters, the 5th will be too easy. I beat every bosses in chapter 5 in the first try, some of them with no mana To be fair at that point you have also become better at the game. i do agree chapter 5 bossess are pretty easy tho Not only that, your character will be leveled up and upgraded with the best gear so that also helps to bring the difficulty down! But first 4 chapters are a struggle lol Please don’t get my hopes up. These bosses have been whooping me man Yeah I just beat Yellow Loong and I dont think its going to get much harder now, I'm too strong. Spellbinder alone is kinda game ending, if I start to use my other abilities then its over. That's not uncommon for games with deep yet optional character progression. The game has to be doable if you don't get everything, but some of the optional upgrades are really strong. I hit a big wall at Wind Sage (didn't know about the side quest at the same, trying to do it the hard way), and by the time I was done, I was so good at perfect doging/parrying, Chapter 3 was an absolute breeze. I'm in chapter 4 now and its been very easy (though I'm told it gets harder). Objectively it's not easy and in many ways the bosses are still Sekiro-level. But Sekiro bosses are easy too once you really "got" the meta.
Yeah, sure most of the little bosses I can take down in one or 2 attempts, but starting in chapter 2 with Tiger Vanguard, Stone Vanguard, and the Yellow Wind Sage I was struggling. Took me an average of 30 attempts each. I've beaten Sekiro, I've beaten Elden Ring and those bosses felt comparable to the ones I struggled with in those two games. IDK why the Tiger Vangaurd gave me so much trouble. I died to him more than the Wind Sage. I found his moves harder to dodge than Wind Sage's, however Wind Sage had some kinda BS mechanics with the wind wall he could "hide" beyond, the disappearing section where you lose lock on at the end and have to readjust the camera to find him, and the heat seeking tornado. Not sure who took me more attempts, they were pretty comparable. Did you find the secret area of Chapter 2? Straight after I beat the main boss lol, it's fun to play without a guide but sometimes I wish there was a way to tell if you're exploring a side area or heading towards a big boss (it is more obvious in later chapters tbf) That thing helped SO MUCH. Of course, I used it and didn't completely forget it. Go away. Turning auto lock on in the options helps a lot with bs like that Thats crazy, i did to the sage 29 times and only 3 times to the tiger vanguard. I love how the game challenges different players, differently Because he has long choreographed moves at the last phase of the fight. Unless you have three focus points built up it would be hard to interrupt his moves I never played any soul-like games, and I was scared that I would get stuck on the tiger boss. Suprisingly cleared it after 5 attempts. I think Wuthering Waves helped me understand the basic mechanics of dodging and timing my combo lol. I just got to  Yellow Wind Sage and was struggling because the wind covers a lot of the moves making them very hard to read and time. Hopefully I can clear him after work today. Yellow Wind Sage just had frustrating mechanics. I found most of his moves easier to dodge than Tiger Vanguard, but once he started disappearing and then reappearing to attack I would get wrecked, especially since you lose tracking on him with the lock on. Then when he summoned that tornado, I had difficulty cause if I tried to press him that thing would sweep me up and his moves are harder to dodge when you're at a distance. Das y u get the wind vessel for him, insta stuns him lol. I found him easier than the tiger because of it haha Yeah after several attempts that's what I ended up doing, going out and doing the necessary steps to get it. After that, he was easier than the tiger. I cleared yesterday after work with the same energy you got today bro. GOODLUCK SOLDIER I didn’t find the tiger vanguard to be difficult at all, Yellow Wind Safe is a different story. He kept on going past the dust storm/tornado and I would try to attack him and I was hitting invisible barrier. But that boss was definitely pretty hard lol I’m totally opposite. Tiger vanguard took me forever. Yellow wind sage I was able to kill in like 5 attempts. That’s what I love about these games, everyone experiences it differently I remember I needed 5-6 hours of nonstop mental breakdown to beat malenia, and I was able to beat most bosses here within at most 30 minutes, some even first try. (Still have ptsd from malenia 🙃)
IDK why the Tiger Vangaurd gave me so much trouble. I died to him more than the Wind Sage. I found his moves harder to dodge than Wind Sage's, however Wind Sage had some kinda BS mechanics with the wind wall he could "hide" beyond, the disappearing section where you lose lock on at the end and have to readjust the camera to find him, and the heat seeking tornado. Not sure who took me more attempts, they were pretty comparable. Did you find the secret area of Chapter 2? Straight after I beat the main boss lol, it's fun to play without a guide but sometimes I wish there was a way to tell if you're exploring a side area or heading towards a big boss (it is more obvious in later chapters tbf) That thing helped SO MUCH. Of course, I used it and didn't completely forget it. Go away. Turning auto lock on in the options helps a lot with bs like that Thats crazy, i did to the sage 29 times and only 3 times to the tiger vanguard. I love how the game challenges different players, differently Because he has long choreographed moves at the last phase of the fight. Unless you have three focus points built up it would be hard to interrupt his moves
I found his moves harder to dodge than Wind Sage's, however Wind Sage had some kinda BS mechanics with the wind wall he could "hide" beyond, the disappearing section where you lose lock on at the end and have to readjust the camera to find him, and the heat seeking tornado. Not sure who took me more attempts, they were pretty comparable. Did you find the secret area of Chapter 2? Straight after I beat the main boss lol, it's fun to play without a guide but sometimes I wish there was a way to tell if you're exploring a side area or heading towards a big boss (it is more obvious in later chapters tbf) That thing helped SO MUCH. Of course, I used it and didn't completely forget it. Go away. Turning auto lock on in the options helps a lot with bs like that
Did you find the secret area of Chapter 2? Straight after I beat the main boss lol, it's fun to play without a guide but sometimes I wish there was a way to tell if you're exploring a side area or heading towards a big boss (it is more obvious in later chapters tbf) That thing helped SO MUCH. Of course, I used it and didn't completely forget it. Go away.
Straight after I beat the main boss lol, it's fun to play without a guide but sometimes I wish there was a way to tell if you're exploring a side area or heading towards a big boss (it is more obvious in later chapters tbf)
That thing helped SO MUCH. Of course, I used it and didn't completely forget it. Go away.
Turning auto lock on in the options helps a lot with bs like that
Thats crazy, i did to the sage 29 times and only 3 times to the tiger vanguard. I love how the game challenges different players, differently
Because he has long choreographed moves at the last phase of the fight. Unless you have three focus points built up it would be hard to interrupt his moves
I never played any soul-like games, and I was scared that I would get stuck on the tiger boss. Suprisingly cleared it after 5 attempts. I think Wuthering Waves helped me understand the basic mechanics of dodging and timing my combo lol. I just got to  Yellow Wind Sage and was struggling because the wind covers a lot of the moves making them very hard to read and time. Hopefully I can clear him after work today. Yellow Wind Sage just had frustrating mechanics. I found most of his moves easier to dodge than Tiger Vanguard, but once he started disappearing and then reappearing to attack I would get wrecked, especially since you lose tracking on him with the lock on. Then when he summoned that tornado, I had difficulty cause if I tried to press him that thing would sweep me up and his moves are harder to dodge when you're at a distance. Das y u get the wind vessel for him, insta stuns him lol. I found him easier than the tiger because of it haha Yeah after several attempts that's what I ended up doing, going out and doing the necessary steps to get it. After that, he was easier than the tiger. I cleared yesterday after work with the same energy you got today bro. GOODLUCK SOLDIER
Yellow Wind Sage just had frustrating mechanics. I found most of his moves easier to dodge than Tiger Vanguard, but once he started disappearing and then reappearing to attack I would get wrecked, especially since you lose tracking on him with the lock on. Then when he summoned that tornado, I had difficulty cause if I tried to press him that thing would sweep me up and his moves are harder to dodge when you're at a distance. Das y u get the wind vessel for him, insta stuns him lol. I found him easier than the tiger because of it haha Yeah after several attempts that's what I ended up doing, going out and doing the necessary steps to get it. After that, he was easier than the tiger.
Das y u get the wind vessel for him, insta stuns him lol. I found him easier than the tiger because of it haha Yeah after several attempts that's what I ended up doing, going out and doing the necessary steps to get it. After that, he was easier than the tiger.
Yeah after several attempts that's what I ended up doing, going out and doing the necessary steps to get it. After that, he was easier than the tiger.
I cleared yesterday after work with the same energy you got today bro. GOODLUCK SOLDIER
I didn’t find the tiger vanguard to be difficult at all, Yellow Wind Safe is a different story. He kept on going past the dust storm/tornado and I would try to attack him and I was hitting invisible barrier. But that boss was definitely pretty hard lol I’m totally opposite. Tiger vanguard took me forever. Yellow wind sage I was able to kill in like 5 attempts. That’s what I love about these games, everyone experiences it differently
lol I’m totally opposite. Tiger vanguard took me forever. Yellow wind sage I was able to kill in like 5 attempts. That’s what I love about these games, everyone experiences it differently
I remember I needed 5-6 hours of nonstop mental breakdown to beat malenia, and I was able to beat most bosses here within at most 30 minutes, some even first try. (Still have ptsd from malenia 🙃)
Ye bloody liers haha but I suppose they said that to sell the game. If they said it was really hard maybe sells might be down. This game is amazing gonna be a 9 or 10 when I finish. But I keep been blown away by stuff like that huge fucking turtle he’s so cool and chill. So probably be a 10 for me when finished. I’ve seen people rating this game bad because of the challenging part of it. I suppose some people don’t have time for a hard boss work life etc. I love a challenging game yes it can be annoying facing the same boss over and over again. But I like that makes me fight harder haha.
Ppl have to be trolling with the easy thing lol Some of these I just wander in and one shot them. Sometimes I get taken n out by a normal enemy for 40 mins
Some of these I just wander in and one shot them. Sometimes I get taken n out by a normal enemy for 40 mins
I truly feel like the reviewers and youtubers who have said that formed an opinion solely based off playing chapter 1 because the difficulty spike once you reach chapter 2 is very noticeable for sure
The difficulty system is messed up in some ways. If you tried to search everywhere in the first 4 chapters, the 5th will be too easy. I beat every bosses in chapter 5 in the first try, some of them with no mana To be fair at that point you have also become better at the game. i do agree chapter 5 bossess are pretty easy tho Not only that, your character will be leveled up and upgraded with the best gear so that also helps to bring the difficulty down! But first 4 chapters are a struggle lol Please don’t get my hopes up. These bosses have been whooping me man Yeah I just beat Yellow Loong and I dont think its going to get much harder now, I'm too strong. Spellbinder alone is kinda game ending, if I start to use my other abilities then its over. That's not uncommon for games with deep yet optional character progression. The game has to be doable if you don't get everything, but some of the optional upgrades are really strong. I hit a big wall at Wind Sage (didn't know about the side quest at the same, trying to do it the hard way), and by the time I was done, I was so good at perfect doging/parrying, Chapter 3 was an absolute breeze. I'm in chapter 4 now and its been very easy (though I'm told it gets harder). Objectively it's not easy and in many ways the bosses are still Sekiro-level. But Sekiro bosses are easy too once you really "got" the meta.
To be fair at that point you have also become better at the game. i do agree chapter 5 bossess are pretty easy tho Not only that, your character will be leveled up and upgraded with the best gear so that also helps to bring the difficulty down! But first 4 chapters are a struggle lol
Not only that, your character will be leveled up and upgraded with the best gear so that also helps to bring the difficulty down! But first 4 chapters are a struggle lol
Please don’t get my hopes up. These bosses have been whooping me man
Yeah I just beat Yellow Loong and I dont think its going to get much harder now, I'm too strong. Spellbinder alone is kinda game ending, if I start to use my other abilities then its over.
That's not uncommon for games with deep yet optional character progression. The game has to be doable if you don't get everything, but some of the optional upgrades are really strong. I hit a big wall at Wind Sage (didn't know about the side quest at the same, trying to do it the hard way), and by the time I was done, I was so good at perfect doging/parrying, Chapter 3 was an absolute breeze. I'm in chapter 4 now and its been very easy (though I'm told it gets harder). Objectively it's not easy and in many ways the bosses are still Sekiro-level. But Sekiro bosses are easy too once you really "got" the meta.
It’s probably if you just go for main path/bosses, but yes, I’m 32hrs in and I’m probably only mid way chapter 4, exploring everything I can, my guess is I’m midway I mean, comparing how long it took me 3 (but it might be less than half) Is it even possible to go directly to like final boss for every chapter fast even when you don't have the intention to explore, I really doubt it is still 15-20 hours, 30 hours maybe Not sure but pretty sure you can avoid many things in chapter 3 for example and I guess 1 and 2 if you know where you going…I’m still in chapter 4 like I say….we will have to wait for the speed runners and see how long they take lol Current speedrun record is just over 1hr!  Edit: 1:09:42 to be exact Damn that’s definitely faster that I would have thought haha Speed runners are a different breed haha they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build Holy shit. I’m terrible at these games, but it took me like 4 hours just to beat the white snake guy. I bet it felt fucking great when you finally beat his ass!! Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv. So you can skip alot? Going to final boss immediately in each chapter? I havent gotten a chance to watch the video, just saw he posted it earlier yesterday.  want me to dm you a link? You can comment it here there might be others who want to see Chapter 4 only needs 2nd sister, Centipede guai, violet spider and chapter endboss But the bosses are much harder without the equipment from the secret areas Apparently in chapter 2 i missed a fight with the giant beetle, cause i went to the mad tiger, killed him and then went straight to the chapter 2 boss(giant rat) so yea, you can miss stuff pretty easily, and i think you were actually meant to do the beetle or som, like story wise too Edit: (Aparently even if you beat the boss of chapter 2 you can still do his quest with the giant beetle, which is nice) Pretty sure you can arent locked out of it, you can still go fight the beetle. Definitely a great fight to experience and obviously one of the more useful item rewards. I have a friend who finish it in 16 hours. He told me in fact that he just "follow the road boss after boss". Mind you, say friend didn't know you can teleport back to previous maps so he finish it without many of the upgrades. I'm ~20 hours in and just started chapter 4... then again, i'm the kind that explore every single corner and crank. 20 hours in and just into 2nd chapter - the world is so detailed and beautiful though, I like taking my time. If I avoided all the chiefs and optional bosses and secret areas id be getting my ass stomped even more than I am at level 100. There’s no way I could get to chapter 6 at level 70 or something. Im 32 hours in and i think at the enf of chapter 3.. Its soo loong! Im so pleased that everyone isn’t a burn through minimum effort person The optional quests and bosses are worth exploring and finding out. I mostly used guides for help finding them.
Is it even possible to go directly to like final boss for every chapter fast even when you don't have the intention to explore, I really doubt it is still 15-20 hours, 30 hours maybe Not sure but pretty sure you can avoid many things in chapter 3 for example and I guess 1 and 2 if you know where you going…I’m still in chapter 4 like I say….we will have to wait for the speed runners and see how long they take lol Current speedrun record is just over 1hr!  Edit: 1:09:42 to be exact Damn that’s definitely faster that I would have thought haha Speed runners are a different breed haha they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build Holy shit. I’m terrible at these games, but it took me like 4 hours just to beat the white snake guy. I bet it felt fucking great when you finally beat his ass!! Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv. So you can skip alot? Going to final boss immediately in each chapter? I havent gotten a chance to watch the video, just saw he posted it earlier yesterday.  want me to dm you a link? You can comment it here there might be others who want to see Chapter 4 only needs 2nd sister, Centipede guai, violet spider and chapter endboss But the bosses are much harder without the equipment from the secret areas Apparently in chapter 2 i missed a fight with the giant beetle, cause i went to the mad tiger, killed him and then went straight to the chapter 2 boss(giant rat) so yea, you can miss stuff pretty easily, and i think you were actually meant to do the beetle or som, like story wise too Edit: (Aparently even if you beat the boss of chapter 2 you can still do his quest with the giant beetle, which is nice) Pretty sure you can arent locked out of it, you can still go fight the beetle. Definitely a great fight to experience and obviously one of the more useful item rewards. I have a friend who finish it in 16 hours. He told me in fact that he just "follow the road boss after boss". Mind you, say friend didn't know you can teleport back to previous maps so he finish it without many of the upgrades. I'm ~20 hours in and just started chapter 4... then again, i'm the kind that explore every single corner and crank.
Not sure but pretty sure you can avoid many things in chapter 3 for example and I guess 1 and 2 if you know where you going…I’m still in chapter 4 like I say….we will have to wait for the speed runners and see how long they take lol Current speedrun record is just over 1hr!  Edit: 1:09:42 to be exact Damn that’s definitely faster that I would have thought haha Speed runners are a different breed haha they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build Holy shit. I’m terrible at these games, but it took me like 4 hours just to beat the white snake guy. I bet it felt fucking great when you finally beat his ass!! Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv. So you can skip alot? Going to final boss immediately in each chapter? I havent gotten a chance to watch the video, just saw he posted it earlier yesterday.  want me to dm you a link? You can comment it here there might be others who want to see Chapter 4 only needs 2nd sister, Centipede guai, violet spider and chapter endboss
Current speedrun record is just over 1hr!  Edit: 1:09:42 to be exact Damn that’s definitely faster that I would have thought haha Speed runners are a different breed haha they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build Holy shit. I’m terrible at these games, but it took me like 4 hours just to beat the white snake guy. I bet it felt fucking great when you finally beat his ass!! Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv. So you can skip alot? Going to final boss immediately in each chapter? I havent gotten a chance to watch the video, just saw he posted it earlier yesterday.  want me to dm you a link? You can comment it here there might be others who want to see
Damn that’s definitely faster that I would have thought haha Speed runners are a different breed haha they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build
Speed runners are a different breed haha they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build
they are also using the unlimited spell glitch on these speedruns which trivializes almost all boss fights well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build
well shit.  Im sure theyll be a sppedrunner soon enough who does a "Glitchless any %" run Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself
Glitchless any% runs are the only runs I really care about honestly. Going fast by abusing bugs is ehhh Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself
Same. I’ve never had very much respect for runs like that. It’s cool that people can do it if they want, but it’s usually pretty lame to me and often unimpressive in ways meaningful to the gameplay itself
Infinite spell glitch. Lame! Anyone could do that then. Just immobilize, immobilize, immobilize, etc. yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build
yeh some bosses ain't gonna let u do that...im ashamed to say I use the glitch on a secret boss I spend two days trying to beat (I was really on the edge of just leaving and continue) I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build
I posted about it on my profile, it’ll be fixed eventually but it’s the best cheese backup method there is, until you upgrade the armor that makes sprint give 100% more dmg and you make your smash heavy attack do 5000+ damage, which is a legit cheese but takes time to build
Holy shit. I’m terrible at these games, but it took me like 4 hours just to beat the white snake guy. I bet it felt fucking great when you finally beat his ass!! Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv.
I bet it felt fucking great when you finally beat his ass!! Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv.
Oh yeah. Almost every boss has been beat with a huge double middle finger up to my tv.
So you can skip alot? Going to final boss immediately in each chapter? I havent gotten a chance to watch the video, just saw he posted it earlier yesterday.  want me to dm you a link? You can comment it here there might be others who want to see
I havent gotten a chance to watch the video, just saw he posted it earlier yesterday.  want me to dm you a link? You can comment it here there might be others who want to see
You can comment it here there might be others who want to see
Chapter 4 only needs 2nd sister, Centipede guai, violet spider and chapter endboss
But the bosses are much harder without the equipment from the secret areas
Apparently in chapter 2 i missed a fight with the giant beetle, cause i went to the mad tiger, killed him and then went straight to the chapter 2 boss(giant rat) so yea, you can miss stuff pretty easily, and i think you were actually meant to do the beetle or som, like story wise too Edit: (Aparently even if you beat the boss of chapter 2 you can still do his quest with the giant beetle, which is nice) Pretty sure you can arent locked out of it, you can still go fight the beetle. Definitely a great fight to experience and obviously one of the more useful item rewards.
Pretty sure you can arent locked out of it, you can still go fight the beetle. Definitely a great fight to experience and obviously one of the more useful item rewards.
I have a friend who finish it in 16 hours. He told me in fact that he just "follow the road boss after boss". Mind you, say friend didn't know you can teleport back to previous maps so he finish it without many of the upgrades. I'm ~20 hours in and just started chapter 4... then again, i'm the kind that explore every single corner and crank.
20 hours in and just into 2nd chapter - the world is so detailed and beautiful though, I like taking my time.
If I avoided all the chiefs and optional bosses and secret areas id be getting my ass stomped even more than I am at level 100. There’s no way I could get to chapter 6 at level 70 or something.
Im 32 hours in and i think at the enf of chapter 3.. Its soo loong!
Im so pleased that everyone isn’t a burn through minimum effort person
The optional quests and bosses are worth exploring and finding out. I mostly used guides for help finding them.
Yeah, lol, im 40+ hours and in chapter 4 too, exploring every hole in every chapter, it takes time... And it's fun honestly agree, i like getting lost there I just finished chapter 3. Geez it's huge, that chapter is almost an open world map by itself. This game is a lot more non-linear than I thought. Yea they stop holding your hand reeeal quick after that first chapter lol
And it's fun honestly agree, i like getting lost there
agree, i like getting lost there
I just finished chapter 3. Geez it's huge, that chapter is almost an open world map by itself. This game is a lot more non-linear than I thought. Yea they stop holding your hand reeeal quick after that first chapter lol
Yea they stop holding your hand reeeal quick after that first chapter lol
God I want more chinese mythology themed games like wukong. Its really a breath of fresh air. There’s Wo long Fallen Dynasty. I didn’t love it compared to this game, but it’s still enjoyable. That's a typical Japanese style Chinese history/story. Japanese like three kingdoms related in Chinese history
There’s Wo long Fallen Dynasty. I didn’t love it compared to this game, but it’s still enjoyable. That's a typical Japanese style Chinese history/story. Japanese like three kingdoms related in Chinese history
That's a typical Japanese style Chinese history/story. Japanese like three kingdoms related in Chinese history
Because that's more for people buzzing through the game. I'm taking my time and exploring every nook and cranny of this amazing game
Finished first cycle last night at like 55 hours or something like that. 15-20 my cheeks
76 hours and still in chapter 2 that’s gonna be me when soon, can’t kill the final boss 😂💩 Hint. In every chapter there is a special item that makes the endboss of the respective chapter way easier by countering one of their mechanics. thank you, i was struggling to find the special item tbh, but managed to kill the chapter 2 boss before after finding the wind tamer😀😀🙏 now struggling on chapter 3 opening on the lake 😂😂💩 Hint: The item also works on the dragon 😂 Wow you're taking your time I love this for you lol How haha You must be level 50 now Lvl 69 actually 😂 but yea i like taking my time How is that even possible? I was lvl 69 in like late chapter 4 Enemies don‘t give much XP for such a high level. You must be farming. There is no way that you can still be at chapter 2 70 hours in and not be bored. Both chapters offer maybe 20 hours of content if you were really pushing it and dying a lot. Sounds like an obnoxious waste of time. I mean that’s only possible if you’re doing it intentionally and even then you’re just setting yourself up to cheese every boss after (which is probably why you’re doing it when the game isn’t that hard). Wtf how. Either you're walking everywhere or lying.
that’s gonna be me when soon, can’t kill the final boss 😂💩 Hint. In every chapter there is a special item that makes the endboss of the respective chapter way easier by countering one of their mechanics. thank you, i was struggling to find the special item tbh, but managed to kill the chapter 2 boss before after finding the wind tamer😀😀🙏 now struggling on chapter 3 opening on the lake 😂😂💩 Hint: The item also works on the dragon 😂
Hint. In every chapter there is a special item that makes the endboss of the respective chapter way easier by countering one of their mechanics. thank you, i was struggling to find the special item tbh, but managed to kill the chapter 2 boss before after finding the wind tamer😀😀🙏 now struggling on chapter 3 opening on the lake 😂😂💩 Hint: The item also works on the dragon 😂
thank you, i was struggling to find the special item tbh, but managed to kill the chapter 2 boss before after finding the wind tamer😀😀🙏 now struggling on chapter 3 opening on the lake 😂😂💩 Hint: The item also works on the dragon 😂
Hint: The item also works on the dragon 😂
Wow you're taking your time
I love this for you lol
How haha
You must be level 50 now Lvl 69 actually 😂 but yea i like taking my time How is that even possible? I was lvl 69 in like late chapter 4 Enemies don‘t give much XP for such a high level. You must be farming. There is no way that you can still be at chapter 2 70 hours in and not be bored. Both chapters offer maybe 20 hours of content if you were really pushing it and dying a lot.
Lvl 69 actually 😂 but yea i like taking my time How is that even possible? I was lvl 69 in like late chapter 4 Enemies don‘t give much XP for such a high level. You must be farming. There is no way that you can still be at chapter 2 70 hours in and not be bored. Both chapters offer maybe 20 hours of content if you were really pushing it and dying a lot.
How is that even possible? I was lvl 69 in like late chapter 4 Enemies don‘t give much XP for such a high level. You must be farming. There is no way that you can still be at chapter 2 70 hours in and not be bored. Both chapters offer maybe 20 hours of content if you were really pushing it and dying a lot.
Sounds like an obnoxious waste of time. I mean that’s only possible if you’re doing it intentionally and even then you’re just setting yourself up to cheese every boss after (which is probably why you’re doing it when the game isn’t that hard).
Wtf how. Either you're walking everywhere or lying.
I'm way beyond 50 hours. Cause I go for side quest first. Trying to get all the nooks and cranies of the game. If I accidentally go to thr main boss fight I just die and respond and go the other way first. I don't want to miss a single chest or quest before moving to the next chapter. (But honestly it's the secret boss fights that makes the game longer for me) Same here man taking my sweet time at 23 hours and I’m in chapter 3 but not been in chapter 3 long . And I’ve heard it’s massive let’s go 👌😃🔥😁 love taking my sweet time in games :) get everything possible secret bosses side quests etc. I’ve also nearly got the true ending nearly ready for when I finish the game. Got one dragon left but he’s in chapter 4 so will get that after chapter 3 now 😀👌🔥😁.
Same here man taking my sweet time at 23 hours and I’m in chapter 3 but not been in chapter 3 long . And I’ve heard it’s massive let’s go 👌😃🔥😁 love taking my sweet time in games :) get everything possible secret bosses side quests etc. I’ve also nearly got the true ending nearly ready for when I finish the game. Got one dragon left but he’s in chapter 4 so will get that after chapter 3 now 😀👌🔥😁.
Facts lol im still in chapter 4 with 41 hours
Yeah the game is so much fun. I really enjoy a lot of the boss fights. Even if i do get my ass kicked a lot
First ending took me 60 hrs me too
me too
Literally same.  I just finished Chapter 3 last night and have 45 hours in the game. I am double back a lot though to make sure im not missing stuff
I learned this game is one that i should not even think about rushing. I'm in chapter 3 and overwhelmed ( in a good way) of the many paths available. Sure, ppl will bring up the invisible wall, which can be annoying, but it doesn't ruin the game for me as each location feels really massive.
They basically just mainlined it and this is why they called it a "boss rush" as well. Might as well call Elden Ring a boss rush if you don't explore.
I beat every single boss in about 36 hours. trying to see if I can platinum it but might not have the will for it.
Under promise and over deliver, an easy secret to make clients and constituents all happy campers.
Chinese are a different kind of players. I imagine if you first try every boss and figure out shortcut on your first playthrough of the level... yeah i wouldnt be surprise chinese player ending the game in 15h and 100% in 20h I for instance am in the middle (i think) of chapter 3 with 26h of gameplay. Not ready to move out from Blegium to China yet
If you never die it could be
Elden Ring DLC is just the size of Limgrave right?
Wee need more games like this!!!!!!
Finished the game at 25 hours as steam says. But I guess I was too hurried.
Not even at 4 yet and there is shit I  missed
60 hours in, just started chapter 5
65 hours and finished yesterday my first run and secret ending. I must admit I grinded a little, but it would be 7 hours in total. Tried to get every single thing I did, first in a blind run and once I was done with the chapter, then using a guide for the side quests. However I left some things so it's NG+ time rn :D
4 hours in and am still yet to beat the first big baby head thingy.
Asian teenagers can beat it in 2 hours There's a guy who beat the whole thing in like an hour using skips, exploits, and glitches.
There's a guy who beat the whole thing in like an hour using skips, exploits, and glitches.
It’s probably if you only need 1 try for every boss and if you only fight the bosses that you need to fight to progress in the story.
Im half way through chapter 3 and already feeling bored in terms of combat.
Maybe 20h for experienced souls players...most people just quit after some hours of boss fights
23 Hours and haven’t beat Yellowbrow on Ch2 yet
Can it win Game of the year
I’m pretty sure the devs were telling a white lie. If you happen to have the boss moves memorized and defeat them all in record time and don’t do anything else then maybe it would be 15 hours. I’m not complaining for sure, the game is definitely gonna take me a while! 😂
The game is huge and the lore is so good. I have been exploring every nook and cranny to find materials and optional bosses and love this game. It feels like a mix between God of War and Bloodborne with the fast combat and combos/styles.
Me getting lost in chapter 3 😬
I don’t even know how anyone can finish it in 20 hours first go 😂
im 20 hours in still chaoter 3
They also said it wasn’t a soulslike and that was a massive lie
I'm assuming the 40 hours was like a Basic ass Run Through not looking for too many secrets or just Kinda Slowly Speed Running if that makes sense. Hell I have about 27 Hours in & I'm pretty sure I'm in Chapter 2 lmao. The Chapters confuse me a bit. I'm still running around in the "Dessert Area" which I assume is Chapter 2 but I'm also not 100%. I beat all the Rock Bosses , The Rat Bosses,  the secret boss behind the wall , the Tiger maybe 1 or 2 more I know I have the Rat with the Electric Hammer & I haven't done the Toy Drum" quest line yet.
You can definitely make it in 15-20h if it's not your first time playing the game and only stick to essentials and main storyline. It took me 52.5h of playtime to finish the game first time and I took my time exploring around, doing sidequests and occasionally getting stuck on difficult bosses. But I see why the devs said it's "too easy", the difficulty level is on a whole other scale in chapter 1 compared to 4+
Its usually much less then reviewers say so this is surprising. You can easily platinum Elden Ring in 50 hours for example and people said its 100+ hours which isnt true.
I'm 50+ hours in and almost done with 5. 20 hours doesn't seem like enough or fun at all
I too am 50 hours in. Yellow Loong took 25 of those hours.
They must have done speed runs and knew all the moves by heart cause aint no way the way captain wise voice is kickin my ass 😭😭
"Ign would like to know your location "
So we’re not supposed to spend 30 hours in chapter 1? 🥲
30 hours in and only just made it to Chapter 4. Loving the journey so far
Beat the wind guy end of chapter 2 just last night after being stuck on him for a few days and after like 6 hours of game time lol and after 2 chapters I am already at about 24 hours
I beat the game and found most of the secrets in just under 50 hours
Wife loves watching me play cause it's like watching a movie when I play difficult games or skill based in general. I won't leave a zone til I checked it like 5 times over lol she hates that part but I mentally can't be like ok done here time to move on.
Just beat chapter 4 roughly 30 hours. Can't wait to see what's in store for me chapter 5, game is fantastic.
This game is peak.
I am 28 hours in on Chapter 2, they bamboozled us but in a good way
I'm about 30ish hours and half way through chapter 4. That said, this game isn't very hard outside of frustrating gimmicks that force you to adapt to them. If you don't then you will actually struggle. Game is very forgiving. And is a lot of fun outside of performance issues. I think after watching people play these games they tend to spam the dodge button too much, aren't aggressive enough, they don't utilize all of the mechanics which makes certain sections feel unfair, and they're not willing to adapt and try something else. The amount of players who ignore the items is insane. These items are incredibly strong
50 hours. Just got to chapter 5. I am assuming there are 6 chapters, perhaps 7? Like what happens when we get the 6th relic? Ends the game? I doubt it.. I think a 7th chapter would be good. 6 chapters and first boss in is a slight problem U get the 6th relic in New game+ :D Game has 6 chapters + Secret boss that unlocks a secret endintook me 38h to complete the game while exploring almost everything(83% achievements as well) and ended 1st run at lv 94
6 chapters and first boss in is a slight problem
U get the 6th relic in New game+ :D Game has 6 chapters + Secret boss that unlocks a secret endintook me 38h to complete the game while exploring almost everything(83% achievements as well) and ended 1st run at lv 94
They got it confused with rumors about Star Wars Outlaws
15 to 20 hours every boss maybe People are struggling with the bosses in this game? Only a few bosses I actually struggled with
People are struggling with the bosses in this game? Only a few bosses I actually struggled with
Developers: western monke noob 🦍
Just finished first run through yesterday. 45 hours. And that is admittedly with looking some things up as I didn't want to lock myself out of any hidden content. If I were to do it 100% on my own you could add a considerable amount of time onto that and I am sure I would not discover everything.
I think alot of that time is also dependant on how much you are refighting the same boss
50 hours combined play time between myself and my gf, we're both on chapter 3
20hrs plus and i'm just started chapter 4, it gonna take a while
They may overestimate how good the player base is, I’m about 15 hours in and near the end of chapter 2. (I’ve had some idle time too so maybe 14ish actual hours played) I spent quite a while on White Clad Noble. I probably spent a long time on Wandering Wight too but I broke up my attempts on it a lot more. Definitely not as long as White Clad Noble took me. I think it’s safe to say many hours were just on that. But some people beat him first try, other people maybe only need a few attempts. I guess the estimates are for people much better than me at the game
I can see it being 15-20 if you just run through it
20hrs and just reached chapter 3!
33h and hopefully midway chapter 3
They likely played with cheats on :-p I think retrying bosses And reading up about how to not miss bosses has taken more time for me
I restarted my play through finding out there’s lowkey some secret shit
49hrs and finishing ch6 soon.... I try to explore as much as possible since the start but at cp4 onwards I find myself backtracking heavily to earlier chapters to complete quite a number of quests easily missed out even though I thought I was quite thorough
When I saw the time estimates from the Devs it was 30-40 hours and another 30-40 for all the side quest stuff
It was 21 hours for me.
That tells you how simple this game is if you know how to play it. As soon as I figure out how to , I’ll let the rest of you know 😂
Well I did every boss in 40 hours , but i missed some pills with hp and mana , and a couple of meditation spots , wasn’t in need of them anyway , I had 40 free skill points until last boss fight
70 hours in on my third run...
Maybe that’s outdated info, I’m 16 hours in, chapter 2 and I just beat the tiger vanguard You got a loong way ahead of you my friend.
You got a loong way ahead of you my friend.
You can run past most of enemies in the game, if that is your play style. LOL
Took me 90 hours for my first play through, not even full completion, only all Yaoguai kings, and true ending.
I’m in chapter 5 with 70hrs in the game i definitely took a break cause of college
30 hrs and taking my time in ch3
Ye maybe they ment if u stick to main story, because I’m in chapter 3 and done 23 hours. And I’ve heard this chapter is massive and not been in it long. So maybe I’ll hit the same mark at some point because I love this game and taking my sweet time 😃👌🔥😁. And btw that fucking electric lady was fucking annoying. I was shouting all the time stay down here u bitch. Once she’s on the floor she anit to bad just when she shoots up in the air haha. Love that feeling when u beat a boss that took ages haha. Would u guys say this is a pretty hard game because I think so.
Just finished it today with all journals completed, transformations, unlocked all endings! What a game!!!!!! I need to go to new game+ for new gears.
I wasn't rushing and going for platinum trophy. With that in mind, I finished my first playthrough in 44 hours.
I wasn't rushing and going for platinum trophy. With that in mind, I finished my first playthrough in 44 hours.
Not to insult you bro but... I have probably discovered each chapter in 90% at least. I am at the end of chapter 3 and I have 20 hours and level 64, so it seems to me that the game is for about 35 hours, unless someone is worse at it...
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Sisyphac 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-08-28T16:29:07.200000+0000 内容: This is the problem with deadlines. When you don’t have them you can properly evaluate the game. Game journalism is dead because they leak information. Also because they expect free shit. Additionally these games take fucking hours and days to beat. So if you want a fair review you almost have to wait a month. I was glad I took a chance and bought it. Lords of the Fallen had the cool trailer that made me buy as well. I didn’t enjoy the game though. Shame on me. Lies of P had a demo that made me realize I didn’t vibe with it and I haven’t purchased it yet. Black Myth Wukong dropped that final trailer and I pulled the trigger. It showed enough to me and I pre ordered despite being burned by Thymesia and Lords of the Fallen. I am very glad I did. I am 46ish hours in and I haven’t finished chapter 3. Just got the spear moveset and I am loving it. I wish they had like 2-3 more light attack move sets but having the spear one is very fun.
I think they meant 15-20 hours without dieing
Those guys are in chapter 4 too? Sad. They're not difficult, but they're scary.
Took me 100 hours to reach the final boss. I haven't done Erlang yet either 🤯
I can see that happens if you dont explore and beat every bosses 1st try
66 hours, finally got the true ending after beating that 1 best friend and 4 bastards
Haven’t seen much of any spoilers. Any word when it’d come to Xbox?
I have 57 hours and just finished the game. I searched every corner of all the maps for secret bosses and try to unlock hidden area's/gear without any help. I'm almost lvl 100 and didnt get stuck on any boss for longer than about half an hour. from the journal i can tell i'm still missing some optional bosses but nothing major. Anyways. I'd guess that 100% would take me about 60 hours flat. 15-20 hours seems very modest, even when you're boss rushing. This game is awesome!
I completed my first cycle in around 60 hours. Beat all bosses except one optional (missed).
I’m 50 hrs, I think. I just got to chapter 4.
this is one of those games where you're ready to go to sleep but you tell yourself "after this boss first, though." hours pass, fml
I finished it after 32.5 hours.
I'm at 51hrs and just started chapter 4. I'm exploring and doing all side quest.
'Completed' in 45hrs, and that was using the odd guide for locations when I struggled on bosses. Haven't sunk this much time into a game in a long time.
Game devs always give you the play time if you do the bare minimum.
I don't care how long will I took to play this game. I am enjoying it so far.
Chapter5 and 6 (especially 6) are shorter than previous chapters.
Game seems long af. A little longer than I'd like. In chapter 4 at about 25 hrs
They must of meant chapter 3 was 15-20 hours, because by god it’s huge
Where have you guys been grinding sparks at? I’m not struggling per say but I’d like to grind a few extra sparks to start filling out my other stances
I’m 16 hours in and I’m only at chapter 3. How long is this damn chapter man. It feels endless and the areas just feel crazy big to me.
I remember like a year ago I read somewhere that this game would be around 10 hours. That was such a lie and I'm very grateful it was.
I spent a lot of time grinding and exploring all the secrets, I just got to Chapter 3 and I’m like 35 hrs in
52 hours and Im at the last boss in chapter 3 🤣
Chapter 2 could have been a quick 6 hours if you went main boss to main boss. The side bosses are where most of the cool action is imo in chapter 2, so you don't really want to skip anything.
I'm like 60 hours in, but at least 8 of those hours were trying to beat yellow long at level 50-60 something. XD
Im 12 hours in and still cant beat the fire wolf thing :(
Me still stuck in chapter 1 🥹
I'm in the secret area of chapter 4. Scorpion kicking my ass even when I have poison resist on.
Yeah! People saying this game isn't long are completely ignorant. Im 34 hours too in the game and Im in chapter 4. Im like! Wait, people told me this was a 8 hour game! Where the fck are those 8 hours from? 😂 And In have beaten almost every boss on the first attempt even the tiger who people are having a hard time with. The one I die like 8 times was the freaking tiger you can challenge when you get to certain hub! OMG that dude was cheap as hell. 😅
Yeah no freaking way I'm over 50 hours in and on chapter 4 as well but I also like to make sure I've explored everywhere 😅 Im only on chapter four and keep going back to the other chapters to hunt the secret bosses and secret areas in each one. Honestly think I’ll never finish this. Certainly not before 2025.
Im only on chapter four and keep going back to the other chapters to hunt the secret bosses and secret areas in each one. Honestly think I’ll never finish this. Certainly not before 2025.
Yeah im loving it atm, also in chapter 4
