================================================================================  评论列表:
Unironically a good way to learn a hard bosses attacks. Get good at dodging them first before trying to dish out any damage. track me Or use see through. I don't even know what see through is tbh I saw it in a bunch of stuff but the UI doesn't really explain what it is So you have the ability to counter and negate all damage. You have to have at least one focus point. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. You have to do it the moment before you get hit. The window for smash stance is easiest. Poke stance is tighter but is very anime when you land it. Thank you kind sir. I’ve just been dodging and using focus for heavy damage. Gonna give this a shot next session. I thought you were referencing something related to that red eye that appears on enemy chests sometimes. What is that red eye? I use what you described all the time but it doesn’t help me learn boss move sets at all, I’m not sure how it would It’s like an elevation of dodging the movesets and learning that way, the exception is now you are countering and doing damage to boss (seeing through and negating the dmg, while doing dmg) Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters. I don't know that I've noticed the red eye, but I have noticed in chapter 2 I started getting hit and sometimes some kind of status affect bar pops up on my screen and it has a heart icon on it.  Maybe they are related? As far as Resolute Counterflow and helping you to learn boss move sets, RC is this game's parry/counter.  A lot of people didn't/don't know that, partly due to a clunky translation, and partly due to its unique implementation in that it "counts" as a heavy attack and not only do you need to have a focus point available to burn to use it, you need to be mid-light attack combo to use it so you can't really "open" with it. Sorry for the tangent, but I thought it might be relevant or helpful to some.  Back to how it is related to learning a boss's move set. Since it is a parry and negates/prevents damage just like a dodge does, you could technically use it like you would use dodge if you do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing the first time you attempt a boss.  Kinda.  Sorta.  Maybe. Dodging is still probably the "better" way to learn a boss's move set if you do approach boss fights like that.  Generally, dodging tends to have a much more forgiving window while the timing on parries is much more tight.  Even more so in BM:W, IMO, because of the uniqueness of its implementation. I think if you can use Resolute Counterflow consistently on your first attempt or two of a boss you are trying to "learn," you have no need to do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing.  At that point, I think you're "in the fight," and it's just a matter of not being greedy or figuring out when to be greedy and when you can punish. I guess the same could be said about dodging, especially if you're consistently perfect dodging - you might as well start poking too, and I'd agree for games like Elden Ring, Demon Souls, and other FromSoft games and souls-likes where parrying and dodging are both a "simple" button press.  The implementation in BM:W makes the skill gap between dodging and RC/parrying even larger. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. WHAT????? I swear the tactical retreat seems through is so much easier and window is bigger, on boss I can never execute smash stance counter. Important to note that thrust stance doesn’t require a focus point once you get the necessary upgrade Bruce Lee style man.  Way of the intercepting fist.  Strike heavy attack during combo when you see them attack. Same. I feel like I missed something important. The description just SAYS “See Through” but I have no idea how to actually do that? I hear a “kaching” every now and then and I assume that’s it but idk what that is or what I did. And I’m on the last boss rn 💀💀💀 Basically you time a heavy attack just like you would a perfect dodge. Using a focus point you'll 'See Through' the enemy attack, it'll do no damage to you while you do extra damage. Oh shit. Between that and varied attack (which I'm still not sure if I've pulled off) I should be having more fun with the game when I get back from vacation.  Chapter 3 done with 85% light attacks , 10% spells and and lots of dodging. Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks) The "kaching" you are hearing is just you either charging your Focus into the staff or while in a combo, you press heavy attack which is a "varied" attack. When you have a focus point, you are absorbing the focus point for the heavy attack. It is quicker to do the heavy attack in combo rather than to just do the heavy attack by itself. Basically is a form of chinese saying parry. Jokes aside, you don’t actually parry, you “”””predict”””” the enemy’s move while you do a heavy attack during a light attack combo. Also, you perform a heavy attack just after dodging. I only really understood the concept of that while trying with the thrust stance, it’s more attached to the concept they try to explain. Also, I personally don’t know yet if pillar stance has this parry, or it’s only a attack for numerous mobs. It’s definitely a game changer. Just mix in a heavy attack into your light attack combo just before the enemy attacks. You take zero damage and even heal a small amount if you’ve leveled that ability. If you trigger the “see through” mechanic you can then add an additional heavy attack into your combo. You do massive damage, take no damage, and even heal a small amount. It’s ridiculously OP It means you're immune to the bosses strike, and it'll pass right through you!(Hence 'see through'.)  So in Smash stance ,if you unlocked Resolute Strike and have 1 focus point, pressing, Light, Light, then Heavy Attack, you'll finish the move with the overhead strike, but also be immune to the bosses strike, which then causes Stagger to the bosses, because you're interrupting their strike! it is explain if you actually read the description when you upgrade your staff stance I've read the see through explanation but it's not obvious that's it's basically an iframes parry. It talks about predicting movements and because the videos have no UI you don't see it means you take no damage. You're right, it absolutely could've been translated to English better in the description. Say, "makes the Destined One temporarily invincible" instead of "see through the incoming enemy attacks and nullify their damage ." yup, as they say: Seeing but seeing through is what wise man do. Yeah but OP is going full Pole stance build here. Or just do my method and keep mashing square and until they eventually die Oddly I do best when I don’t know the rotations and just dodge/parry on blind attempts or attempts I tell myself to NOT focus on specific attacks from the enemy. Same. My first attempt is normally my best for a good while. Yea, when I've never seen the boss, I'm just reacting on reflex and instinct.  On the subsequent fights, I'm trying to anticipate attacks intentionally and it takes time to learn the timing. Worst is when my reaction time is faster after I know the telegraphs, causing me to dodge too early... Video games are hard “FUCK IT WE BALL” Seems to work best for me too, don’t think, just react Heck yeah! That is my go to tactitc. If the Boss is to hard and I get slapped all the time I start with no attack rounds. I just evade and perry until I am dead. The next fight will be way better. I’ve been doing this since Dark Souls 1 days. The first few times I go into a new fight I don’t even attack. I just watch the boss and get a feel for their move set. It’s the tried and true method. Is this not the normal way to play? Is this why I keep seeing so many post about “I JUST BEAT___ AFTER _ __HOURS”. If your new to this I get it but if you played Elden ring and MORE SPECIFICALLY Elden ring DLC and didn’t first learn patterns by just running away and dodging then what did you learn after all those hours? Isn’t the achievement because you learn how to deal with a new type of enemy via pattern recognition and not memorizing a singular fighter?
Or use see through. I don't even know what see through is tbh I saw it in a bunch of stuff but the UI doesn't really explain what it is So you have the ability to counter and negate all damage. You have to have at least one focus point. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. You have to do it the moment before you get hit. The window for smash stance is easiest. Poke stance is tighter but is very anime when you land it. Thank you kind sir. I’ve just been dodging and using focus for heavy damage. Gonna give this a shot next session. I thought you were referencing something related to that red eye that appears on enemy chests sometimes. What is that red eye? I use what you described all the time but it doesn’t help me learn boss move sets at all, I’m not sure how it would It’s like an elevation of dodging the movesets and learning that way, the exception is now you are countering and doing damage to boss (seeing through and negating the dmg, while doing dmg) Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters. I don't know that I've noticed the red eye, but I have noticed in chapter 2 I started getting hit and sometimes some kind of status affect bar pops up on my screen and it has a heart icon on it.  Maybe they are related? As far as Resolute Counterflow and helping you to learn boss move sets, RC is this game's parry/counter.  A lot of people didn't/don't know that, partly due to a clunky translation, and partly due to its unique implementation in that it "counts" as a heavy attack and not only do you need to have a focus point available to burn to use it, you need to be mid-light attack combo to use it so you can't really "open" with it. Sorry for the tangent, but I thought it might be relevant or helpful to some.  Back to how it is related to learning a boss's move set. Since it is a parry and negates/prevents damage just like a dodge does, you could technically use it like you would use dodge if you do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing the first time you attempt a boss.  Kinda.  Sorta.  Maybe. Dodging is still probably the "better" way to learn a boss's move set if you do approach boss fights like that.  Generally, dodging tends to have a much more forgiving window while the timing on parries is much more tight.  Even more so in BM:W, IMO, because of the uniqueness of its implementation. I think if you can use Resolute Counterflow consistently on your first attempt or two of a boss you are trying to "learn," you have no need to do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing.  At that point, I think you're "in the fight," and it's just a matter of not being greedy or figuring out when to be greedy and when you can punish. I guess the same could be said about dodging, especially if you're consistently perfect dodging - you might as well start poking too, and I'd agree for games like Elden Ring, Demon Souls, and other FromSoft games and souls-likes where parrying and dodging are both a "simple" button press.  The implementation in BM:W makes the skill gap between dodging and RC/parrying even larger. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. WHAT????? I swear the tactical retreat seems through is so much easier and window is bigger, on boss I can never execute smash stance counter. Important to note that thrust stance doesn’t require a focus point once you get the necessary upgrade Bruce Lee style man.  Way of the intercepting fist.  Strike heavy attack during combo when you see them attack. Same. I feel like I missed something important. The description just SAYS “See Through” but I have no idea how to actually do that? I hear a “kaching” every now and then and I assume that’s it but idk what that is or what I did. And I’m on the last boss rn 💀💀💀 Basically you time a heavy attack just like you would a perfect dodge. Using a focus point you'll 'See Through' the enemy attack, it'll do no damage to you while you do extra damage. Oh shit. Between that and varied attack (which I'm still not sure if I've pulled off) I should be having more fun with the game when I get back from vacation.  Chapter 3 done with 85% light attacks , 10% spells and and lots of dodging. Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks) The "kaching" you are hearing is just you either charging your Focus into the staff or while in a combo, you press heavy attack which is a "varied" attack. When you have a focus point, you are absorbing the focus point for the heavy attack. It is quicker to do the heavy attack in combo rather than to just do the heavy attack by itself. Basically is a form of chinese saying parry. Jokes aside, you don’t actually parry, you “”””predict”””” the enemy’s move while you do a heavy attack during a light attack combo. Also, you perform a heavy attack just after dodging. I only really understood the concept of that while trying with the thrust stance, it’s more attached to the concept they try to explain. Also, I personally don’t know yet if pillar stance has this parry, or it’s only a attack for numerous mobs. It’s definitely a game changer. Just mix in a heavy attack into your light attack combo just before the enemy attacks. You take zero damage and even heal a small amount if you’ve leveled that ability. If you trigger the “see through” mechanic you can then add an additional heavy attack into your combo. You do massive damage, take no damage, and even heal a small amount. It’s ridiculously OP It means you're immune to the bosses strike, and it'll pass right through you!(Hence 'see through'.)  So in Smash stance ,if you unlocked Resolute Strike and have 1 focus point, pressing, Light, Light, then Heavy Attack, you'll finish the move with the overhead strike, but also be immune to the bosses strike, which then causes Stagger to the bosses, because you're interrupting their strike! it is explain if you actually read the description when you upgrade your staff stance I've read the see through explanation but it's not obvious that's it's basically an iframes parry. It talks about predicting movements and because the videos have no UI you don't see it means you take no damage. You're right, it absolutely could've been translated to English better in the description. Say, "makes the Destined One temporarily invincible" instead of "see through the incoming enemy attacks and nullify their damage ." yup, as they say: Seeing but seeing through is what wise man do. Yeah but OP is going full Pole stance build here.
I don't even know what see through is tbh I saw it in a bunch of stuff but the UI doesn't really explain what it is So you have the ability to counter and negate all damage. You have to have at least one focus point. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. You have to do it the moment before you get hit. The window for smash stance is easiest. Poke stance is tighter but is very anime when you land it. Thank you kind sir. I’ve just been dodging and using focus for heavy damage. Gonna give this a shot next session. I thought you were referencing something related to that red eye that appears on enemy chests sometimes. What is that red eye? I use what you described all the time but it doesn’t help me learn boss move sets at all, I’m not sure how it would It’s like an elevation of dodging the movesets and learning that way, the exception is now you are countering and doing damage to boss (seeing through and negating the dmg, while doing dmg) Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters. I don't know that I've noticed the red eye, but I have noticed in chapter 2 I started getting hit and sometimes some kind of status affect bar pops up on my screen and it has a heart icon on it.  Maybe they are related? As far as Resolute Counterflow and helping you to learn boss move sets, RC is this game's parry/counter.  A lot of people didn't/don't know that, partly due to a clunky translation, and partly due to its unique implementation in that it "counts" as a heavy attack and not only do you need to have a focus point available to burn to use it, you need to be mid-light attack combo to use it so you can't really "open" with it. Sorry for the tangent, but I thought it might be relevant or helpful to some.  Back to how it is related to learning a boss's move set. Since it is a parry and negates/prevents damage just like a dodge does, you could technically use it like you would use dodge if you do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing the first time you attempt a boss.  Kinda.  Sorta.  Maybe. Dodging is still probably the "better" way to learn a boss's move set if you do approach boss fights like that.  Generally, dodging tends to have a much more forgiving window while the timing on parries is much more tight.  Even more so in BM:W, IMO, because of the uniqueness of its implementation. I think if you can use Resolute Counterflow consistently on your first attempt or two of a boss you are trying to "learn," you have no need to do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing.  At that point, I think you're "in the fight," and it's just a matter of not being greedy or figuring out when to be greedy and when you can punish. I guess the same could be said about dodging, especially if you're consistently perfect dodging - you might as well start poking too, and I'd agree for games like Elden Ring, Demon Souls, and other FromSoft games and souls-likes where parrying and dodging are both a "simple" button press.  The implementation in BM:W makes the skill gap between dodging and RC/parrying even larger. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. WHAT????? I swear the tactical retreat seems through is so much easier and window is bigger, on boss I can never execute smash stance counter. Important to note that thrust stance doesn’t require a focus point once you get the necessary upgrade Bruce Lee style man.  Way of the intercepting fist.  Strike heavy attack during combo when you see them attack. Same. I feel like I missed something important. The description just SAYS “See Through” but I have no idea how to actually do that? I hear a “kaching” every now and then and I assume that’s it but idk what that is or what I did. And I’m on the last boss rn 💀💀💀 Basically you time a heavy attack just like you would a perfect dodge. Using a focus point you'll 'See Through' the enemy attack, it'll do no damage to you while you do extra damage. Oh shit. Between that and varied attack (which I'm still not sure if I've pulled off) I should be having more fun with the game when I get back from vacation.  Chapter 3 done with 85% light attacks , 10% spells and and lots of dodging. Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks) The "kaching" you are hearing is just you either charging your Focus into the staff or while in a combo, you press heavy attack which is a "varied" attack. When you have a focus point, you are absorbing the focus point for the heavy attack. It is quicker to do the heavy attack in combo rather than to just do the heavy attack by itself. Basically is a form of chinese saying parry. Jokes aside, you don’t actually parry, you “”””predict”””” the enemy’s move while you do a heavy attack during a light attack combo. Also, you perform a heavy attack just after dodging. I only really understood the concept of that while trying with the thrust stance, it’s more attached to the concept they try to explain. Also, I personally don’t know yet if pillar stance has this parry, or it’s only a attack for numerous mobs. It’s definitely a game changer. Just mix in a heavy attack into your light attack combo just before the enemy attacks. You take zero damage and even heal a small amount if you’ve leveled that ability. If you trigger the “see through” mechanic you can then add an additional heavy attack into your combo. You do massive damage, take no damage, and even heal a small amount. It’s ridiculously OP It means you're immune to the bosses strike, and it'll pass right through you!(Hence 'see through'.)  So in Smash stance ,if you unlocked Resolute Strike and have 1 focus point, pressing, Light, Light, then Heavy Attack, you'll finish the move with the overhead strike, but also be immune to the bosses strike, which then causes Stagger to the bosses, because you're interrupting their strike! it is explain if you actually read the description when you upgrade your staff stance I've read the see through explanation but it's not obvious that's it's basically an iframes parry. It talks about predicting movements and because the videos have no UI you don't see it means you take no damage. You're right, it absolutely could've been translated to English better in the description. Say, "makes the Destined One temporarily invincible" instead of "see through the incoming enemy attacks and nullify their damage ."
So you have the ability to counter and negate all damage. You have to have at least one focus point. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. You have to do it the moment before you get hit. The window for smash stance is easiest. Poke stance is tighter but is very anime when you land it. Thank you kind sir. I’ve just been dodging and using focus for heavy damage. Gonna give this a shot next session. I thought you were referencing something related to that red eye that appears on enemy chests sometimes. What is that red eye? I use what you described all the time but it doesn’t help me learn boss move sets at all, I’m not sure how it would It’s like an elevation of dodging the movesets and learning that way, the exception is now you are countering and doing damage to boss (seeing through and negating the dmg, while doing dmg) Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters. I don't know that I've noticed the red eye, but I have noticed in chapter 2 I started getting hit and sometimes some kind of status affect bar pops up on my screen and it has a heart icon on it.  Maybe they are related? As far as Resolute Counterflow and helping you to learn boss move sets, RC is this game's parry/counter.  A lot of people didn't/don't know that, partly due to a clunky translation, and partly due to its unique implementation in that it "counts" as a heavy attack and not only do you need to have a focus point available to burn to use it, you need to be mid-light attack combo to use it so you can't really "open" with it. Sorry for the tangent, but I thought it might be relevant or helpful to some.  Back to how it is related to learning a boss's move set. Since it is a parry and negates/prevents damage just like a dodge does, you could technically use it like you would use dodge if you do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing the first time you attempt a boss.  Kinda.  Sorta.  Maybe. Dodging is still probably the "better" way to learn a boss's move set if you do approach boss fights like that.  Generally, dodging tends to have a much more forgiving window while the timing on parries is much more tight.  Even more so in BM:W, IMO, because of the uniqueness of its implementation. I think if you can use Resolute Counterflow consistently on your first attempt or two of a boss you are trying to "learn," you have no need to do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing.  At that point, I think you're "in the fight," and it's just a matter of not being greedy or figuring out when to be greedy and when you can punish. I guess the same could be said about dodging, especially if you're consistently perfect dodging - you might as well start poking too, and I'd agree for games like Elden Ring, Demon Souls, and other FromSoft games and souls-likes where parrying and dodging are both a "simple" button press.  The implementation in BM:W makes the skill gap between dodging and RC/parrying even larger. During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. WHAT????? I swear the tactical retreat seems through is so much easier and window is bigger, on boss I can never execute smash stance counter. Important to note that thrust stance doesn’t require a focus point once you get the necessary upgrade
Thank you kind sir. I’ve just been dodging and using focus for heavy damage. Gonna give this a shot next session.
I thought you were referencing something related to that red eye that appears on enemy chests sometimes. What is that red eye? I use what you described all the time but it doesn’t help me learn boss move sets at all, I’m not sure how it would It’s like an elevation of dodging the movesets and learning that way, the exception is now you are countering and doing damage to boss (seeing through and negating the dmg, while doing dmg) Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters. I don't know that I've noticed the red eye, but I have noticed in chapter 2 I started getting hit and sometimes some kind of status affect bar pops up on my screen and it has a heart icon on it.  Maybe they are related? As far as Resolute Counterflow and helping you to learn boss move sets, RC is this game's parry/counter.  A lot of people didn't/don't know that, partly due to a clunky translation, and partly due to its unique implementation in that it "counts" as a heavy attack and not only do you need to have a focus point available to burn to use it, you need to be mid-light attack combo to use it so you can't really "open" with it. Sorry for the tangent, but I thought it might be relevant or helpful to some.  Back to how it is related to learning a boss's move set. Since it is a parry and negates/prevents damage just like a dodge does, you could technically use it like you would use dodge if you do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing the first time you attempt a boss.  Kinda.  Sorta.  Maybe. Dodging is still probably the "better" way to learn a boss's move set if you do approach boss fights like that.  Generally, dodging tends to have a much more forgiving window while the timing on parries is much more tight.  Even more so in BM:W, IMO, because of the uniqueness of its implementation. I think if you can use Resolute Counterflow consistently on your first attempt or two of a boss you are trying to "learn," you have no need to do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing.  At that point, I think you're "in the fight," and it's just a matter of not being greedy or figuring out when to be greedy and when you can punish. I guess the same could be said about dodging, especially if you're consistently perfect dodging - you might as well start poking too, and I'd agree for games like Elden Ring, Demon Souls, and other FromSoft games and souls-likes where parrying and dodging are both a "simple" button press.  The implementation in BM:W makes the skill gap between dodging and RC/parrying even larger.
It’s like an elevation of dodging the movesets and learning that way, the exception is now you are countering and doing damage to boss (seeing through and negating the dmg, while doing dmg) Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters.
Yeah, but you have to time your counter pretty specifically by the timing of the first strike, so that when the boss attacks they do so in between strikes when you can hit heavy to look through-counter. It just doesn’t work as a way of learning the boss, you have to know too much about how they attack already. Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling. Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters.
Yeah not sure what you mean by that? You just have some distance from boss charge up a focus point or more and release it into him, counters his attack and damages him. If you seek to memorize the move okay, but that’s not needed you can just counter or dodge? No boss just nonstop attacks. Always windows. How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling.
How is dodging the boss then attacking the boss different from just fighting the boss? And I don’t think the look through counter refers to just a normal extra charged charged attack that you can initiate from a normal position, only Varied Combos. I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling.
I just fight the boss, using what I said.. dodges or see through counters. You said it requires too much knowledge to do so.. and I’m disagreeing it simply requires you to not be stuck in an animation spamming buttons and you have two get out jail free cards in the form of a dodge or pressing heavy attack before attacked. Most my bosses sans 1 have been single clears it doesn’t require you to know all the abilities. I said if you so deemed that necessary you could learn their abilities by simply p dodging or doing look through counters until you memorized them if that’s your fancy. The look through counter is resolute attached to smash stance. Requires 1 point of focus so a charged attack. Requires no points if you spec endeavor making it considerably easier to get it off if you are struggling.
Instead of pressing dodge you are literally just being aggressive. You don’t need to know Jack. It literally counters.
I don't know that I've noticed the red eye, but I have noticed in chapter 2 I started getting hit and sometimes some kind of status affect bar pops up on my screen and it has a heart icon on it.  Maybe they are related? As far as Resolute Counterflow and helping you to learn boss move sets, RC is this game's parry/counter.  A lot of people didn't/don't know that, partly due to a clunky translation, and partly due to its unique implementation in that it "counts" as a heavy attack and not only do you need to have a focus point available to burn to use it, you need to be mid-light attack combo to use it so you can't really "open" with it. Sorry for the tangent, but I thought it might be relevant or helpful to some.  Back to how it is related to learning a boss's move set. Since it is a parry and negates/prevents damage just like a dodge does, you could technically use it like you would use dodge if you do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing the first time you attempt a boss.  Kinda.  Sorta.  Maybe. Dodging is still probably the "better" way to learn a boss's move set if you do approach boss fights like that.  Generally, dodging tends to have a much more forgiving window while the timing on parries is much more tight.  Even more so in BM:W, IMO, because of the uniqueness of its implementation. I think if you can use Resolute Counterflow consistently on your first attempt or two of a boss you are trying to "learn," you have no need to do the "no attack, just watch and learn" thing.  At that point, I think you're "in the fight," and it's just a matter of not being greedy or figuring out when to be greedy and when you can punish. I guess the same could be said about dodging, especially if you're consistently perfect dodging - you might as well start poking too, and I'd agree for games like Elden Ring, Demon Souls, and other FromSoft games and souls-likes where parrying and dodging are both a "simple" button press.  The implementation in BM:W makes the skill gap between dodging and RC/parrying even larger.
During your Light attack chain you can press heavy attack and it will counter. WHAT?????
I swear the tactical retreat seems through is so much easier and window is bigger, on boss I can never execute smash stance counter.
Important to note that thrust stance doesn’t require a focus point once you get the necessary upgrade
Bruce Lee style man.  Way of the intercepting fist.  Strike heavy attack during combo when you see them attack.
Same. I feel like I missed something important. The description just SAYS “See Through” but I have no idea how to actually do that? I hear a “kaching” every now and then and I assume that’s it but idk what that is or what I did. And I’m on the last boss rn 💀💀💀 Basically you time a heavy attack just like you would a perfect dodge. Using a focus point you'll 'See Through' the enemy attack, it'll do no damage to you while you do extra damage. Oh shit. Between that and varied attack (which I'm still not sure if I've pulled off) I should be having more fun with the game when I get back from vacation.  Chapter 3 done with 85% light attacks , 10% spells and and lots of dodging. Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks) The "kaching" you are hearing is just you either charging your Focus into the staff or while in a combo, you press heavy attack which is a "varied" attack. When you have a focus point, you are absorbing the focus point for the heavy attack. It is quicker to do the heavy attack in combo rather than to just do the heavy attack by itself. Basically is a form of chinese saying parry. Jokes aside, you don’t actually parry, you “”””predict”””” the enemy’s move while you do a heavy attack during a light attack combo. Also, you perform a heavy attack just after dodging. I only really understood the concept of that while trying with the thrust stance, it’s more attached to the concept they try to explain. Also, I personally don’t know yet if pillar stance has this parry, or it’s only a attack for numerous mobs.
Basically you time a heavy attack just like you would a perfect dodge. Using a focus point you'll 'See Through' the enemy attack, it'll do no damage to you while you do extra damage. Oh shit. Between that and varied attack (which I'm still not sure if I've pulled off) I should be having more fun with the game when I get back from vacation.  Chapter 3 done with 85% light attacks , 10% spells and and lots of dodging. Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks)
Oh shit. Between that and varied attack (which I'm still not sure if I've pulled off) I should be having more fun with the game when I get back from vacation.  Chapter 3 done with 85% light attacks , 10% spells and and lots of dodging. Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks)
Oof, bro, you've been playing on hard mode! Or maybe a future challenge run idea? But yeah, you'll find you have a ton more options and stagger opportunities in a fight. Resolute Strike into Skyfall Strike is a ton of fun to pull off Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks)
Immobilize breaks are pretty OP, so I wouldn't save it's been hard mode. I've also gotten decently good at light attack dodge combos that basicallywrecked every boss until yellow brow. But I did see how.much easier it is on the elites, which trend to give me problems because i don't want to waste mana.  They die quick enough that I never bother to learn their pattern, but if I slip up they'll take half my HP (or more, looking at you monk of the sea and Blade monks)
The "kaching" you are hearing is just you either charging your Focus into the staff or while in a combo, you press heavy attack which is a "varied" attack. When you have a focus point, you are absorbing the focus point for the heavy attack. It is quicker to do the heavy attack in combo rather than to just do the heavy attack by itself.
Basically is a form of chinese saying parry. Jokes aside, you don’t actually parry, you “”””predict”””” the enemy’s move while you do a heavy attack during a light attack combo. Also, you perform a heavy attack just after dodging. I only really understood the concept of that while trying with the thrust stance, it’s more attached to the concept they try to explain. Also, I personally don’t know yet if pillar stance has this parry, or it’s only a attack for numerous mobs.
It’s definitely a game changer. Just mix in a heavy attack into your light attack combo just before the enemy attacks. You take zero damage and even heal a small amount if you’ve leveled that ability. If you trigger the “see through” mechanic you can then add an additional heavy attack into your combo. You do massive damage, take no damage, and even heal a small amount. It’s ridiculously OP
It means you're immune to the bosses strike, and it'll pass right through you!(Hence 'see through'.)  So in Smash stance ,if you unlocked Resolute Strike and have 1 focus point, pressing, Light, Light, then Heavy Attack, you'll finish the move with the overhead strike, but also be immune to the bosses strike, which then causes Stagger to the bosses, because you're interrupting their strike!
it is explain if you actually read the description when you upgrade your staff stance I've read the see through explanation but it's not obvious that's it's basically an iframes parry. It talks about predicting movements and because the videos have no UI you don't see it means you take no damage. You're right, it absolutely could've been translated to English better in the description. Say, "makes the Destined One temporarily invincible" instead of "see through the incoming enemy attacks and nullify their damage ."
I've read the see through explanation but it's not obvious that's it's basically an iframes parry. It talks about predicting movements and because the videos have no UI you don't see it means you take no damage. You're right, it absolutely could've been translated to English better in the description. Say, "makes the Destined One temporarily invincible" instead of "see through the incoming enemy attacks and nullify their damage ."
You're right, it absolutely could've been translated to English better in the description. Say, "makes the Destined One temporarily invincible" instead of "see through the incoming enemy attacks and nullify their damage ."
yup, as they say: Seeing but seeing through is what wise man do.
Yeah but OP is going full Pole stance build here.
Or just do my method and keep mashing square and until they eventually die
Oddly I do best when I don’t know the rotations and just dodge/parry on blind attempts or attempts I tell myself to NOT focus on specific attacks from the enemy. Same. My first attempt is normally my best for a good while. Yea, when I've never seen the boss, I'm just reacting on reflex and instinct.  On the subsequent fights, I'm trying to anticipate attacks intentionally and it takes time to learn the timing. Worst is when my reaction time is faster after I know the telegraphs, causing me to dodge too early... Video games are hard “FUCK IT WE BALL” Seems to work best for me too, don’t think, just react Heck yeah!
Same. My first attempt is normally my best for a good while. Yea, when I've never seen the boss, I'm just reacting on reflex and instinct.  On the subsequent fights, I'm trying to anticipate attacks intentionally and it takes time to learn the timing. Worst is when my reaction time is faster after I know the telegraphs, causing me to dodge too early... Video games are hard
Yea, when I've never seen the boss, I'm just reacting on reflex and instinct.  On the subsequent fights, I'm trying to anticipate attacks intentionally and it takes time to learn the timing. Worst is when my reaction time is faster after I know the telegraphs, causing me to dodge too early... Video games are hard
Worst is when my reaction time is faster after I know the telegraphs, causing me to dodge too early... Video games are hard
“FUCK IT WE BALL” Seems to work best for me too, don’t think, just react Heck yeah!
Heck yeah!
That is my go to tactitc. If the Boss is to hard and I get slapped all the time I start with no attack rounds. I just evade and perry until I am dead. The next fight will be way better.
I’ve been doing this since Dark Souls 1 days. The first few times I go into a new fight I don’t even attack. I just watch the boss and get a feel for their move set. It’s the tried and true method.
Is this not the normal way to play? Is this why I keep seeing so many post about “I JUST BEAT___ AFTER _ __HOURS”. If your new to this I get it but if you played Elden ring and MORE SPECIFICALLY Elden ring DLC and didn’t first learn patterns by just running away and dodging then what did you learn after all those hours? Isn’t the achievement because you learn how to deal with a new type of enemy via pattern recognition and not memorizing a singular fighter?
Wow. As a noob, masterfully done. Now I'm gonna go back to crying. I'm stuck on the rock vanguard 😭 Let the other dude take care of the rock. Other dude is easier than the rock dude. Help me find the Buddha eyes I got three I'm tired of going back to find it because it's always enemies I already killed showing back up I beat the rock dude in like my 2nd or maybe 3rd try but I am struggling with the other dude, the Buddha eyes boss. Everyone says he’s easier but I can’t seem to do it Those attacks are incredibly easy to dodge. The first 2 are quick then you just delay for the leg. It's basically the same for the two ground combos seen in the video.
I'm stuck on the rock vanguard 😭 Let the other dude take care of the rock. Other dude is easier than the rock dude. Help me find the Buddha eyes I got three I'm tired of going back to find it because it's always enemies I already killed showing back up I beat the rock dude in like my 2nd or maybe 3rd try but I am struggling with the other dude, the Buddha eyes boss. Everyone says he’s easier but I can’t seem to do it
Let the other dude take care of the rock. Other dude is easier than the rock dude. Help me find the Buddha eyes I got three I'm tired of going back to find it because it's always enemies I already killed showing back up I beat the rock dude in like my 2nd or maybe 3rd try but I am struggling with the other dude, the Buddha eyes boss. Everyone says he’s easier but I can’t seem to do it
Help me find the Buddha eyes I got three I'm tired of going back to find it because it's always enemies I already killed showing back up
I beat the rock dude in like my 2nd or maybe 3rd try but I am struggling with the other dude, the Buddha eyes boss. Everyone says he’s easier but I can’t seem to do it
Those attacks are incredibly easy to dodge. The first 2 are quick then you just delay for the leg. It's basically the same for the two ground combos seen in the video.
This is some anime shit Is he really that far beyond me?!!!!
Is he really that far beyond me?!!!!
Oh he got hands alright, he just don’t got eyes 💀💀💀
I really like what they got cooking for this game. I hope we get a DLC or something that expands the combat more. I like the three stances but wanted a bit more. There’s a fourth stance later in the game. Damn can’t wait to unlock it. I love the Spear so far the best. There's an actual spear weapon in the 3rd act that changes the attacks to be more spear like. (more stabby, less swingy) Later is right. Very late game lol. I made it to chspter 3 with just smash. But since there's flying enemies and hoards, gotta brush up on the other 2 smashed is the best one Nah u only need one. Dont bother and put points in survival or spells u like. If you like combat I highly recommend Rise of The Ronin Nioh 2 is the ultimate. Team Ninja kind of lost me on Wo Long and I did not bother with Rise of the Ronin. Maybe when it is 20 bucks or something. Or I am going Ps+ in a year. Absolutely loved rise of the ronin. I have yet to play nioh 2 but the first Nioh was a masterpiece. Love team ninja and I constantly look forward to what they are going to produce. A lot of people saying wukong felt like dark souls or god of war. the closest game to it is nioh 2. both have transformations and getting mobs spirit to summon them for an attack. Nioh 2 is little better I would say when it comes to the moment to moment gameplay. Nioh 2 is insanely good. Probably in my top five for best games ever. I have like 1000 hours. Depths to the highest. Yh give it a try when you can, you can always check out clips on youtube….the combat is pure sex Spent 600 hours on it till wu came out
There’s a fourth stance later in the game. Damn can’t wait to unlock it. I love the Spear so far the best. There's an actual spear weapon in the 3rd act that changes the attacks to be more spear like. (more stabby, less swingy) Later is right. Very late game lol.
Damn can’t wait to unlock it. I love the Spear so far the best. There's an actual spear weapon in the 3rd act that changes the attacks to be more spear like. (more stabby, less swingy)
There's an actual spear weapon in the 3rd act that changes the attacks to be more spear like. (more stabby, less swingy)
Later is right. Very late game lol.
I made it to chspter 3 with just smash. But since there's flying enemies and hoards, gotta brush up on the other 2 smashed is the best one Nah u only need one. Dont bother and put points in survival or spells u like.
smashed is the best one
Nah u only need one. Dont bother and put points in survival or spells u like.
If you like combat I highly recommend Rise of The Ronin Nioh 2 is the ultimate. Team Ninja kind of lost me on Wo Long and I did not bother with Rise of the Ronin. Maybe when it is 20 bucks or something. Or I am going Ps+ in a year. Absolutely loved rise of the ronin. I have yet to play nioh 2 but the first Nioh was a masterpiece. Love team ninja and I constantly look forward to what they are going to produce. A lot of people saying wukong felt like dark souls or god of war. the closest game to it is nioh 2. both have transformations and getting mobs spirit to summon them for an attack. Nioh 2 is little better I would say when it comes to the moment to moment gameplay. Nioh 2 is insanely good. Probably in my top five for best games ever. I have like 1000 hours. Depths to the highest. Yh give it a try when you can, you can always check out clips on youtube….the combat is pure sex Spent 600 hours on it till wu came out
Nioh 2 is the ultimate. Team Ninja kind of lost me on Wo Long and I did not bother with Rise of the Ronin. Maybe when it is 20 bucks or something. Or I am going Ps+ in a year. Absolutely loved rise of the ronin. I have yet to play nioh 2 but the first Nioh was a masterpiece. Love team ninja and I constantly look forward to what they are going to produce. A lot of people saying wukong felt like dark souls or god of war. the closest game to it is nioh 2. both have transformations and getting mobs spirit to summon them for an attack. Nioh 2 is little better I would say when it comes to the moment to moment gameplay. Nioh 2 is insanely good. Probably in my top five for best games ever. I have like 1000 hours. Depths to the highest. Yh give it a try when you can, you can always check out clips on youtube….the combat is pure sex
Absolutely loved rise of the ronin. I have yet to play nioh 2 but the first Nioh was a masterpiece. Love team ninja and I constantly look forward to what they are going to produce. A lot of people saying wukong felt like dark souls or god of war. the closest game to it is nioh 2. both have transformations and getting mobs spirit to summon them for an attack. Nioh 2 is little better I would say when it comes to the moment to moment gameplay. Nioh 2 is insanely good. Probably in my top five for best games ever. I have like 1000 hours. Depths to the highest.
A lot of people saying wukong felt like dark souls or god of war. the closest game to it is nioh 2. both have transformations and getting mobs spirit to summon them for an attack. Nioh 2 is little better I would say when it comes to the moment to moment gameplay.
Nioh 2 is insanely good. Probably in my top five for best games ever. I have like 1000 hours. Depths to the highest.
Yh give it a try when you can, you can always check out clips on youtube….the combat is pure sex
Spent 600 hours on it till wu came out
Meanwhile, me who got beat by this cat for 4 days straight LOL  Sorry I apologize for laughing at your misery. I beat that orange fucking cat only to be haunted by yellow wind sage Those delayed attacks on his sword combo was what always got me. I ended up saving cloud step just for when he'd start that combo up I used immobilize everytime he got his hands on the sword I am mid way through chapter 3 and he is still the hardest boss I have fought
LOL  Sorry I apologize for laughing at your misery. I beat that orange fucking cat only to be haunted by yellow wind sage
I beat that orange fucking cat only to be haunted by yellow wind sage
Those delayed attacks on his sword combo was what always got me. I ended up saving cloud step just for when he'd start that combo up I used immobilize everytime he got his hands on the sword
I used immobilize everytime he got his hands on the sword
I am mid way through chapter 3 and he is still the hardest boss I have fought
Ultra instinct activated
bro gave tai lung the wuxi finger hold
freezing him mid-air was so fucking cold
Fucking game is just a masterpiece.
This is what I was waiting for. Players sell way more games to me than 15 years of advertising ever did.
Just defeated him tonight but barely 😅 In don’t even know how I finally did it. I’d had a bad day at work and so I just was taking out my frustrations on this boss fight and just not quitting after a dozen attempts like normal. Then, something just clicked and I finally managed to beat him.  But it was a close one !
now i want to start a new run with hud off
great, that idiot Tiger poser wanted your attention
Bros full role playing hahahahaha
Tony the Tiger is just destroying me, I get him down to about 1/2 and sometimes 1/4 health but then it's just a pummeling You need to eat frosted flakes they are grrrrrreeeaaaaaaaatttttttttt!
You need to eat frosted flakes they are grrrrrreeeaaaaaaaatttttttttt!
10/10 much cinema
what's the background music?
That's skill, Amazing
After jumping around like a psycho, I finally just started to breathe, get zen, watch and fight relaxed...i mean i still get my ass kicked, but not as much
🫡 that last “定” frame was epic. You were 5 pixels away getting punched in the head.
"Hi there, folks.  I'm (dodge) the Destined One (dodge) and you might be wondering (dodge, dodge) how I got myself into this fix.  Well (dodge) it's a long story.  Here, one moment, and then I'll tell you all about it. (Immobilize kitty)  You see, it all started 500 years ago..."
I beat him but it’s interesting to know that to avoid his leg sweep you gotta dodge to the side not backward.
This movie also made me realise and hammering home the point that I had to watch his movements and dodge at the last second in order to control the fight better. It was still to the last second but knowing that helped me last a lost longer with reach try.
ZA WARUDO!
用户已删除评论 Time for an upgrade brother I totally should. But then I would miss the feeling of struggling then extremely satisfying when I could overcome the challenge and beat every one of them under such bad condition. Along with the godlike "light" feeling when I fight at some scenes where the game give me smooth gameplay above 35FPS.
Time for an upgrade brother I totally should. But then I would miss the feeling of struggling then extremely satisfying when I could overcome the challenge and beat every one of them under such bad condition. Along with the godlike "light" feeling when I fight at some scenes where the game give me smooth gameplay above 35FPS.
I totally should. But then I would miss the feeling of struggling then extremely satisfying when I could overcome the challenge and beat every one of them under such bad condition. Along with the godlike "light" feeling when I fight at some scenes where the game give me smooth gameplay above 35FPS.
how do we make the staff light up at the ends?? Staff can light up from multiple passives. Lighting up means a temporary boost to attack. There's medicine, there's a relic that gives increased attack on perfect dodges, there's increased attack curious on full light attack combo, and so on. The earliest you can see it, is from the beginner armor set bonus that adds dmg while sprinting.
Staff can light up from multiple passives. Lighting up means a temporary boost to attack. There's medicine, there's a relic that gives increased attack on perfect dodges, there's increased attack curious on full light attack combo, and so on. The earliest you can see it, is from the beginner armor set bonus that adds dmg while sprinting.
Is this on PC or Xbox? I feel like PS5 got screwed with terrible lag and pixelation.
How people struggle with this boss is beyond me
can‘t imagine how much have suffered to become this skilled
That fight was so much fun
The moment when kitty realize he fk up.
Tiger battle # 364
But tbh, he really stepped up from the sand beatle battle 😄 This is not the same tiger as the sand beetle one. This is the son.
This is not the same tiger as the sand beetle one. This is the son.
Get immobilised son
This is very strong 😂😂😂 I love it
Can I get a HD version of this ?
First I need to get good at walking in boss fight 😂
This is so cool
Easy ass boss
man has Max aura
Wait for Yin Tiger Probably beat him,look at his armor
Probably beat him,look at his armor
This is so beautiful
the true destined one
starting with ultra instinct and ending with a za warudo is cold
Fuck this boss. 32 deaths
Gotta love using resolute counterflow, dish out damage whilst parrying is so good
Let's see your vid with Scorpionlord.
This dude is kicking my ass as we speak I tried fighting him at least 6 times yesterday and could barely get him to half health
I can’t fucking beat this guy. I’m about to give up 😞 fought him for two hours yesterday and just can’t do it. I’ve beat all the other bosses pretty handily after a few tries but this guy fucking cheats I swear lol. Try to keep as much distance and unlock on him when he does his dashes Keep your distance and dash side to side when he punches. Make him miss his elbow drops and that small window hit him, if you got it up freeze him do another combo repeat. Use transformations for a free health bar to go ham also equip tiger pallets increases your damage.
Try to keep as much distance and unlock on him when he does his dashes
Keep your distance and dash side to side when he punches. Make him miss his elbow drops and that small window hit him, if you got it up freeze him do another combo repeat. Use transformations for a free health bar to go ham also equip tiger pallets increases your damage.
You've only just got here?
Yaksha armor gang!
Now try it on the PS5 “performance mode”
its like neo from the matrix LOL
Remember why we keep asking ourselves why dragon ball z goku irrespect when he overcome his opponent? Lore accurate.
I can already hear the jet engine noise coming out of my laptop when I reach this boss, along with fps drop on every blood splash
Bro hit him with the real wukong disrespect
Ok do the Mad Tiger now.
That kitty put me through the ringer for half a day
I'm impressed how good people are with this game and find it easy to react in time before the enemy attacks. Meanwhile, I can't even get past Whiteclad Noble in the first few hours of the game after many deaths.
Lore accurate
wait what armor and staff is this?
Didn't even activate evanescence. Trash lmao.
Yea, I'm in my 30s now and I just don't have the reflexes nor patience for these games.  I got past this guy eventually but stuck at that first boss in chapter 3 and I'm just like you know what I'm good, fantastic game and I'm glad I played it but I don't want to do this for the next 30 hours lol i`m in my 40s. just give it 30-60 mins whenever you have some time, it'll still be fun
i`m in my 40s. just give it 30-60 mins whenever you have some time, it'll still be fun
Okay now where the hell did you get that armor from Beat Chapter 5
Beat Chapter 5
This is the boss I’m currently facing. Tried twice and taking a break. Gonna try again later/tomorrow probably lol
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: ClarkWang2022 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-02T01:37:53.809000+0000 内容: how show u r, man and this ia lit
Wait how do you get that armor ? Chapter 5 final boss
Chapter 5 final boss
I'm still stuck on him. Like 70 tries deep
This is 🔥🔥
hahaha, that tiger looks so stupid
I think we all know why the HUD is off
What is the song?
Anyone know what song this is?
I have a question for those who finished the game already. I’m currently on chapter 4 and I know I want to play it again. Does the game have a new game plus? Or is everything from scratch if I want to replay the story? You can play NG+ as many times as you want, I’ve seen a guy getting to NG+10 and the Wandering Wight just one shot kill with a basic attack. The scaling of the bosses is insane and doesn’t seem to have a cap like Elden Ring does.
You can play NG+ as many times as you want, I’ve seen a guy getting to NG+10 and the Wandering Wight just one shot kill with a basic attack. The scaling of the bosses is insane and doesn’t seem to have a cap like Elden Ring does.
This boss was my first quad perfect dodge
Till he goes tiger shit and starts ballerina dancing
