So the students made it to the top 10 of the tournament and the teachers took them into a sealed realm, for what reason? and why did that nascent soul kid attack that white robe guy? Novel readers please explain. ================================================================================  评论列表:
Spoilers ahead: they were brought to the secret realm to receive the prize. The prize is locked there for reasons of, ya know, it's an important treasure. The old monster (child) knew that the other guy is a spy who entered his sect hundred years ago for the reason of today's episode - to steal the treasure. The nascent soul kid know this for a long time thus the confrontation. track me Makes sense, ty. I managed to find better subs and it turns out the guy is a closed door disciple of the "Vast and Righteous Pavilion leader of the Righteous Alliance" which is another sect/alliance. Now I get it. 100 years of undercover work gone in 10 seconds lol. He know about his undercover for years already, he just using him as bait to fish for whether there is anything or anyone else. And that hit, show how huge of a gap in power level is. That spy is peak late phase Core Formation, and that "kid" is peak early phase Nascent Soul, took him out in a glimpse before anyone able to make a move. Non of them know how he did it, only Han Li able to get a glimpse of how it happen. Everyone below Nascent Soul are all ants, it's just a matter of smaller ant or bigger ant. That's why Han Li so determined to reach Nascent Soul, so he could be somebody and not an ant that can't even decided his own fate. Agreed. It's just taking forever for him to get to nascent soul but then again, these power differences just shows us how difficult it is to reach nascent soul and all the huge resources required. I can't wait until he finally succeeds. He is the fastest one to get to Nascent Soul. It's just slow for him to reach Core Formation. And yeah, it is very hard to break into Nascent Soul. The sect he is in for example, that one old guy gonna try it soon, and he is obviously the only Core Formation in the sect that closest to reach it, and the sect is very focus on him because he could be the one to pass the torch to. But even with all the resources the sect able to put on him, he only has a very low percentage of chance to get into Nascent Soul.
Makes sense, ty. I managed to find better subs and it turns out the guy is a closed door disciple of the "Vast and Righteous Pavilion leader of the Righteous Alliance" which is another sect/alliance. Now I get it. 100 years of undercover work gone in 10 seconds lol. He know about his undercover for years already, he just using him as bait to fish for whether there is anything or anyone else. And that hit, show how huge of a gap in power level is. That spy is peak late phase Core Formation, and that "kid" is peak early phase Nascent Soul, took him out in a glimpse before anyone able to make a move. Non of them know how he did it, only Han Li able to get a glimpse of how it happen. Everyone below Nascent Soul are all ants, it's just a matter of smaller ant or bigger ant. That's why Han Li so determined to reach Nascent Soul, so he could be somebody and not an ant that can't even decided his own fate. Agreed. It's just taking forever for him to get to nascent soul but then again, these power differences just shows us how difficult it is to reach nascent soul and all the huge resources required. I can't wait until he finally succeeds. He is the fastest one to get to Nascent Soul. It's just slow for him to reach Core Formation. And yeah, it is very hard to break into Nascent Soul. The sect he is in for example, that one old guy gonna try it soon, and he is obviously the only Core Formation in the sect that closest to reach it, and the sect is very focus on him because he could be the one to pass the torch to. But even with all the resources the sect able to put on him, he only has a very low percentage of chance to get into Nascent Soul.
I managed to find better subs and it turns out the guy is a closed door disciple of the "Vast and Righteous Pavilion leader of the Righteous Alliance" which is another sect/alliance. Now I get it. 100 years of undercover work gone in 10 seconds lol. He know about his undercover for years already, he just using him as bait to fish for whether there is anything or anyone else. And that hit, show how huge of a gap in power level is. That spy is peak late phase Core Formation, and that "kid" is peak early phase Nascent Soul, took him out in a glimpse before anyone able to make a move. Non of them know how he did it, only Han Li able to get a glimpse of how it happen. Everyone below Nascent Soul are all ants, it's just a matter of smaller ant or bigger ant. That's why Han Li so determined to reach Nascent Soul, so he could be somebody and not an ant that can't even decided his own fate. Agreed. It's just taking forever for him to get to nascent soul but then again, these power differences just shows us how difficult it is to reach nascent soul and all the huge resources required. I can't wait until he finally succeeds. He is the fastest one to get to Nascent Soul. It's just slow for him to reach Core Formation. And yeah, it is very hard to break into Nascent Soul. The sect he is in for example, that one old guy gonna try it soon, and he is obviously the only Core Formation in the sect that closest to reach it, and the sect is very focus on him because he could be the one to pass the torch to. But even with all the resources the sect able to put on him, he only has a very low percentage of chance to get into Nascent Soul.
He know about his undercover for years already, he just using him as bait to fish for whether there is anything or anyone else. And that hit, show how huge of a gap in power level is. That spy is peak late phase Core Formation, and that "kid" is peak early phase Nascent Soul, took him out in a glimpse before anyone able to make a move. Non of them know how he did it, only Han Li able to get a glimpse of how it happen. Everyone below Nascent Soul are all ants, it's just a matter of smaller ant or bigger ant. That's why Han Li so determined to reach Nascent Soul, so he could be somebody and not an ant that can't even decided his own fate. Agreed. It's just taking forever for him to get to nascent soul but then again, these power differences just shows us how difficult it is to reach nascent soul and all the huge resources required. I can't wait until he finally succeeds. He is the fastest one to get to Nascent Soul. It's just slow for him to reach Core Formation. And yeah, it is very hard to break into Nascent Soul. The sect he is in for example, that one old guy gonna try it soon, and he is obviously the only Core Formation in the sect that closest to reach it, and the sect is very focus on him because he could be the one to pass the torch to. But even with all the resources the sect able to put on him, he only has a very low percentage of chance to get into Nascent Soul.
Agreed. It's just taking forever for him to get to nascent soul but then again, these power differences just shows us how difficult it is to reach nascent soul and all the huge resources required. I can't wait until he finally succeeds. He is the fastest one to get to Nascent Soul. It's just slow for him to reach Core Formation. And yeah, it is very hard to break into Nascent Soul. The sect he is in for example, that one old guy gonna try it soon, and he is obviously the only Core Formation in the sect that closest to reach it, and the sect is very focus on him because he could be the one to pass the torch to. But even with all the resources the sect able to put on him, he only has a very low percentage of chance to get into Nascent Soul.
He is the fastest one to get to Nascent Soul. It's just slow for him to reach Core Formation. And yeah, it is very hard to break into Nascent Soul. The sect he is in for example, that one old guy gonna try it soon, and he is obviously the only Core Formation in the sect that closest to reach it, and the sect is very focus on him because he could be the one to pass the torch to. But even with all the resources the sect able to put on him, he only has a very low percentage of chance to get into Nascent Soul.
Spoilers ahead: they were brought to the secret realm to receive the prize. The prize is locked there for reasons of, ya know, it's an important treasure. The old monster (child) knew that the other guy is a spy who entered his sect hundred years ago for the reason of today's episode - to steal the treasure. The nascent soul kid know this for a long time thus the confrontation. Makes sense, ty.
Makes sense, ty.
