================================================================================  评论列表:
It's really incredible the work they put into this boss. He has different voice lines for every transformation spell too. Phenomenal work track me Tips, he did a lot of his moves in the intro as well.  Most of us do not know because we are too new to the game.  And that fight is super easy because we can't die.  But you can totally start a new game just to practice fighting against him. When I first started, I could dodge almost all of his attacks and had fun hitting him.  Who knew later on, he is the single most nightmarish boss. Of course we didn't see some of those moves in the intro fight.  But get this, the big moves didn't get me.  But I was worn down by most of the moves that he also did in the intro fight. He also doesn't have hyper armor in the first fight. Without hyper armor Erlang is manageable. Don't quote me on this.  But I notice the shield when I restart on NG+.  So right at the intro, he already knows how to do 80% of what he will do in the final fight.  The big axe is worked as a cinematic sequence.  If you really give him time, he will show hand everything. Most of us just enjoy the visual and fun because we don't worry about dying.  I remember one youtuber even said "this is so easy, I totally got this" on Erlang tutorial fight.  He also said it with the first mini boss (where we got Immobilize spell).  Then he saw Wandering Wight, he said "second boss, let's do this"!  Hahahaha, at level 3, with 1 focus point. I beat Wandering Wight at level 7 on my first playthrough, it's doable but hard. I beat him after I got the transformation from Gaungzhi.  The transformation was godly because it literately gives you a second life.  I was at level 12 or something.  Since he is a wandering boss, I tried to sneak behind him to get to the next area.  Low and behold, it worked.  So I went as far as Whiteclad noble.  Whiteclad noble was my real challenge.  40+ attempts on him. surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level funny enough I beat him and didn't know about Guangzhi until I got Loong scale on chapter 2... imagine my struggle through game without transformation until that stage. You also have wukong stance if I remember correctly. Wukong stance is overpowered. Does he have a line for Azure Dome being used against him in NG+? Yes. He would initially be surprised you can perform this, then cope with "but you're not him (Wukong)" True that and did you notice that the only boss that doesn't talk is wukon all the others always have something to say Might be an artistic choice to underline the fact that lost his mind? On the other hand, while doesn't speak, he sure does communicate. Kicking your staff back to you, and doing the little "come at me" wave that Morpheus does in The Matrix, after one of his grab attacks. I don't think so because I remember bajie saying something about another mute monkey when you rescued him referring to his previous journey. His boss fight moves ending with kicking your staff back at you and waving your forward,and his freezing you to steal your gourd I think have got to be some of the biggest flexes I've ever seen from a boss in a game though and it is absolutely a thing he'd do 😂 Wukong is most definitely not mute, so I think Bajie probably's just making fun of the non-speaking protagonist trope in video games, which The Destined One embodies quite well. But I agree, those moves are big flexes 😂 Thanks for the info. Never actually got a chance to read the source material just off shoot stuff based on it. Definitely want to pick up a copy now though.
Tips, he did a lot of his moves in the intro as well.  Most of us do not know because we are too new to the game.  And that fight is super easy because we can't die.  But you can totally start a new game just to practice fighting against him. When I first started, I could dodge almost all of his attacks and had fun hitting him.  Who knew later on, he is the single most nightmarish boss. Of course we didn't see some of those moves in the intro fight.  But get this, the big moves didn't get me.  But I was worn down by most of the moves that he also did in the intro fight. He also doesn't have hyper armor in the first fight. Without hyper armor Erlang is manageable. Don't quote me on this.  But I notice the shield when I restart on NG+.  So right at the intro, he already knows how to do 80% of what he will do in the final fight.  The big axe is worked as a cinematic sequence.  If you really give him time, he will show hand everything. Most of us just enjoy the visual and fun because we don't worry about dying.  I remember one youtuber even said "this is so easy, I totally got this" on Erlang tutorial fight.  He also said it with the first mini boss (where we got Immobilize spell).  Then he saw Wandering Wight, he said "second boss, let's do this"!  Hahahaha, at level 3, with 1 focus point. I beat Wandering Wight at level 7 on my first playthrough, it's doable but hard. I beat him after I got the transformation from Gaungzhi.  The transformation was godly because it literately gives you a second life.  I was at level 12 or something.  Since he is a wandering boss, I tried to sneak behind him to get to the next area.  Low and behold, it worked.  So I went as far as Whiteclad noble.  Whiteclad noble was my real challenge.  40+ attempts on him. surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level funny enough I beat him and didn't know about Guangzhi until I got Loong scale on chapter 2... imagine my struggle through game without transformation until that stage. You also have wukong stance if I remember correctly. Wukong stance is overpowered.
He also doesn't have hyper armor in the first fight. Without hyper armor Erlang is manageable. Don't quote me on this.  But I notice the shield when I restart on NG+.  So right at the intro, he already knows how to do 80% of what he will do in the final fight.  The big axe is worked as a cinematic sequence.  If you really give him time, he will show hand everything. Most of us just enjoy the visual and fun because we don't worry about dying.  I remember one youtuber even said "this is so easy, I totally got this" on Erlang tutorial fight.  He also said it with the first mini boss (where we got Immobilize spell).  Then he saw Wandering Wight, he said "second boss, let's do this"!  Hahahaha, at level 3, with 1 focus point. I beat Wandering Wight at level 7 on my first playthrough, it's doable but hard. I beat him after I got the transformation from Gaungzhi.  The transformation was godly because it literately gives you a second life.  I was at level 12 or something.  Since he is a wandering boss, I tried to sneak behind him to get to the next area.  Low and behold, it worked.  So I went as far as Whiteclad noble.  Whiteclad noble was my real challenge.  40+ attempts on him. surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level funny enough I beat him and didn't know about Guangzhi until I got Loong scale on chapter 2... imagine my struggle through game without transformation until that stage. You also have wukong stance if I remember correctly. Wukong stance is overpowered.
Don't quote me on this.  But I notice the shield when I restart on NG+.  So right at the intro, he already knows how to do 80% of what he will do in the final fight.  The big axe is worked as a cinematic sequence.  If you really give him time, he will show hand everything. Most of us just enjoy the visual and fun because we don't worry about dying.  I remember one youtuber even said "this is so easy, I totally got this" on Erlang tutorial fight.  He also said it with the first mini boss (where we got Immobilize spell).  Then he saw Wandering Wight, he said "second boss, let's do this"!  Hahahaha, at level 3, with 1 focus point. I beat Wandering Wight at level 7 on my first playthrough, it's doable but hard. I beat him after I got the transformation from Gaungzhi.  The transformation was godly because it literately gives you a second life.  I was at level 12 or something.  Since he is a wandering boss, I tried to sneak behind him to get to the next area.  Low and behold, it worked.  So I went as far as Whiteclad noble.  Whiteclad noble was my real challenge.  40+ attempts on him. surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level funny enough I beat him and didn't know about Guangzhi until I got Loong scale on chapter 2... imagine my struggle through game without transformation until that stage.
I beat Wandering Wight at level 7 on my first playthrough, it's doable but hard. I beat him after I got the transformation from Gaungzhi.  The transformation was godly because it literately gives you a second life.  I was at level 12 or something.  Since he is a wandering boss, I tried to sneak behind him to get to the next area.  Low and behold, it worked.  So I went as far as Whiteclad noble.  Whiteclad noble was my real challenge.  40+ attempts on him. surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level funny enough I beat him and didn't know about Guangzhi until I got Loong scale on chapter 2... imagine my struggle through game without transformation until that stage.
I beat him after I got the transformation from Gaungzhi.  The transformation was godly because it literately gives you a second life.  I was at level 12 or something.  Since he is a wandering boss, I tried to sneak behind him to get to the next area.  Low and behold, it worked.  So I went as far as Whiteclad noble.  Whiteclad noble was my real challenge.  40+ attempts on him. surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level
surprisingly i unknowingly cheesed Wight at like level 5 by spamming heavy attack on his head for perma-stagger I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me. I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo
I will start a brand new game just to do this :) Yeah, keep going NG+++++ is not a good plan.  Bosses get so hard they literately 1 shot me.
I did the same. I fell in love with pillar stance, just before the Wight. Spamming pillar heavy on his head made it trivial - I only realised it's supposed to be hard reading other comments. Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo
Many of the fights have a certain trick to them that makes them a lot more manageable. Like the yellow loong and the thrust stance. Or stun locking Erlang with the fan + bat combo
Yup this is where I did it, think at a similar level
funny enough I beat him and didn't know about Guangzhi until I got Loong scale on chapter 2... imagine my struggle through game without transformation until that stage.
You also have wukong stance if I remember correctly. Wukong stance is overpowered.
Does he have a line for Azure Dome being used against him in NG+? Yes. He would initially be surprised you can perform this, then cope with "but you're not him (Wukong)"
Yes. He would initially be surprised you can perform this, then cope with "but you're not him (Wukong)"
True that and did you notice that the only boss that doesn't talk is wukon all the others always have something to say Might be an artistic choice to underline the fact that lost his mind? On the other hand, while doesn't speak, he sure does communicate. Kicking your staff back to you, and doing the little "come at me" wave that Morpheus does in The Matrix, after one of his grab attacks. I don't think so because I remember bajie saying something about another mute monkey when you rescued him referring to his previous journey. His boss fight moves ending with kicking your staff back at you and waving your forward,and his freezing you to steal your gourd I think have got to be some of the biggest flexes I've ever seen from a boss in a game though and it is absolutely a thing he'd do 😂 Wukong is most definitely not mute, so I think Bajie probably's just making fun of the non-speaking protagonist trope in video games, which The Destined One embodies quite well. But I agree, those moves are big flexes 😂 Thanks for the info. Never actually got a chance to read the source material just off shoot stuff based on it. Definitely want to pick up a copy now though.
Might be an artistic choice to underline the fact that lost his mind? On the other hand, while doesn't speak, he sure does communicate. Kicking your staff back to you, and doing the little "come at me" wave that Morpheus does in The Matrix, after one of his grab attacks. I don't think so because I remember bajie saying something about another mute monkey when you rescued him referring to his previous journey. His boss fight moves ending with kicking your staff back at you and waving your forward,and his freezing you to steal your gourd I think have got to be some of the biggest flexes I've ever seen from a boss in a game though and it is absolutely a thing he'd do 😂 Wukong is most definitely not mute, so I think Bajie probably's just making fun of the non-speaking protagonist trope in video games, which The Destined One embodies quite well. But I agree, those moves are big flexes 😂 Thanks for the info. Never actually got a chance to read the source material just off shoot stuff based on it. Definitely want to pick up a copy now though.
I don't think so because I remember bajie saying something about another mute monkey when you rescued him referring to his previous journey. His boss fight moves ending with kicking your staff back at you and waving your forward,and his freezing you to steal your gourd I think have got to be some of the biggest flexes I've ever seen from a boss in a game though and it is absolutely a thing he'd do 😂 Wukong is most definitely not mute, so I think Bajie probably's just making fun of the non-speaking protagonist trope in video games, which The Destined One embodies quite well. But I agree, those moves are big flexes 😂 Thanks for the info. Never actually got a chance to read the source material just off shoot stuff based on it. Definitely want to pick up a copy now though.
Wukong is most definitely not mute, so I think Bajie probably's just making fun of the non-speaking protagonist trope in video games, which The Destined One embodies quite well. But I agree, those moves are big flexes 😂 Thanks for the info. Never actually got a chance to read the source material just off shoot stuff based on it. Definitely want to pick up a copy now though.
Thanks for the info. Never actually got a chance to read the source material just off shoot stuff based on it. Definitely want to pick up a copy now though.
That would explain why he was able to kick my ass in 73 unique ways. For real though. That’s a really cool detail. I managed to get him to use his flaming moveset a few times. I wonder what the poison/chill/shock move sets look like. Imo, it's the shield.  Without the shield, I think I can defeat him much easier. ... Well duh? If the boss suddenly lost most their health, then they would indeed be easier to kill. Contrary to most initial belief, this shield is not simply health.  It is his ability to dodge your Heavy attack and sometimes block your other attacks, and some damage mitigation.  Oh, maybe immune to Immobilize too (never worked on him with shield on). With shield off, he is easy to stagger and susceptible to heavy attacks. But you can choose to ignore his shield (like most spell binder) and just melee him to death.  Spend your focus points on Resolute Strike instead of Heavy strike.  Yes, you can still hurt him with his shield at full. The shield is fair. It greatly increases the difficulty of the boss. I mean, what’s a game without challenges? It encourages you to explore different ways to solve the “problem”. Like I was switching between vessels and later found out that the plantain fan shatters those shields like a piece of paper. Saying that it's fair and that it increases the difficulty of the boss and then immediately stating that you rendered the shield completely meaningless with a single skill sure is one of the takes of time. Have you used the fan on him? It will strip his whole shield for you. Use the armor that gives you qi on crit and you can use the fan ~3 or so times in the fight with a high enough crit. Ng+ Using his own spear against him makes the strategy go gangbusters when most of the swords crit. The ideal is for Fan to at least pop twice or even 3 times.  But so far I can't seem to do enough crit damage on him that make the fan comes back so fast.  I know staff spin gives lots of hits/crit, just that I find it so few opportunities to even staff spin him. The Golden Embroidered armor full set will help get Qi back. Also Sunset of the Nine Skies drink will also give back a lot of Qi to both your spirit and vessel. Also using the Non-Able spirit will take some really good chunks out of his Poise armor bar. Another sure fire tactic is using Azure Dust transformation. He let's you transform and doesn't do anything about it. And the light attacks from it really chew through that Poise armor bar. Make sure to have some Mirage Pills to help get your transformation back and it'll really help. Also making sure you have a stock pile of medicines is also key. I would usually use my transformation after all my various pill buffs wore off. That way I didn't waste them. Also using Cloud Step to get some space to take pills also really helped me. i usually maxxed out the immobilize and just use this loop until he's dead. Build: Golden Embroided set + Adept spike shooting fuban staff + crit chance curios ( the green beads ones) ~ 37% crit chance Right at start -  1st phase: use fan, then wait until hes out of his shield - Immobilize + staff spin + wandering wight. should give you your fan back or very close to it. 2nd phase ( after the big axe):  use your fan ( or attack him until you got your fan) then repeat the cycle from 1st phase. If you dont have wandering wight for dmg you should have a fully charged focus bar and get him to 3rd phase 3rd phase ( lazers): save your cloud step until he shoots out the thousands of daggers, then as he lands repeat the same cycle again. If you feel unsafe just use the Azure Dust transformation to chill out a bit He has no poise without shield. If you want to take out shield, add a reasonable poise to him, and he will still be just as hard. 73×every move in the moveset, you mean? I know I died more than 73 times then. Lol He only activtates his 4 bane attacks when you attack him using one of the four banes. That's why using the mythical frog spirit on this boss is the biggest mistake you can make. Really cool mechanic. HAH. yah I was just thinking "I don't THINK I died 73 times to this guy, but it's possible..." lol
Imo, it's the shield.  Without the shield, I think I can defeat him much easier. ... Well duh? If the boss suddenly lost most their health, then they would indeed be easier to kill. Contrary to most initial belief, this shield is not simply health.  It is his ability to dodge your Heavy attack and sometimes block your other attacks, and some damage mitigation.  Oh, maybe immune to Immobilize too (never worked on him with shield on). With shield off, he is easy to stagger and susceptible to heavy attacks. But you can choose to ignore his shield (like most spell binder) and just melee him to death.  Spend your focus points on Resolute Strike instead of Heavy strike.  Yes, you can still hurt him with his shield at full. The shield is fair. It greatly increases the difficulty of the boss. I mean, what’s a game without challenges? It encourages you to explore different ways to solve the “problem”. Like I was switching between vessels and later found out that the plantain fan shatters those shields like a piece of paper. Saying that it's fair and that it increases the difficulty of the boss and then immediately stating that you rendered the shield completely meaningless with a single skill sure is one of the takes of time. Have you used the fan on him? It will strip his whole shield for you. Use the armor that gives you qi on crit and you can use the fan ~3 or so times in the fight with a high enough crit. Ng+ Using his own spear against him makes the strategy go gangbusters when most of the swords crit. The ideal is for Fan to at least pop twice or even 3 times.  But so far I can't seem to do enough crit damage on him that make the fan comes back so fast.  I know staff spin gives lots of hits/crit, just that I find it so few opportunities to even staff spin him. The Golden Embroidered armor full set will help get Qi back. Also Sunset of the Nine Skies drink will also give back a lot of Qi to both your spirit and vessel. Also using the Non-Able spirit will take some really good chunks out of his Poise armor bar. Another sure fire tactic is using Azure Dust transformation. He let's you transform and doesn't do anything about it. And the light attacks from it really chew through that Poise armor bar. Make sure to have some Mirage Pills to help get your transformation back and it'll really help. Also making sure you have a stock pile of medicines is also key. I would usually use my transformation after all my various pill buffs wore off. That way I didn't waste them. Also using Cloud Step to get some space to take pills also really helped me. i usually maxxed out the immobilize and just use this loop until he's dead. Build: Golden Embroided set + Adept spike shooting fuban staff + crit chance curios ( the green beads ones) ~ 37% crit chance Right at start -  1st phase: use fan, then wait until hes out of his shield - Immobilize + staff spin + wandering wight. should give you your fan back or very close to it. 2nd phase ( after the big axe):  use your fan ( or attack him until you got your fan) then repeat the cycle from 1st phase. If you dont have wandering wight for dmg you should have a fully charged focus bar and get him to 3rd phase 3rd phase ( lazers): save your cloud step until he shoots out the thousands of daggers, then as he lands repeat the same cycle again. If you feel unsafe just use the Azure Dust transformation to chill out a bit He has no poise without shield. If you want to take out shield, add a reasonable poise to him, and he will still be just as hard.
... Well duh? If the boss suddenly lost most their health, then they would indeed be easier to kill. Contrary to most initial belief, this shield is not simply health.  It is his ability to dodge your Heavy attack and sometimes block your other attacks, and some damage mitigation.  Oh, maybe immune to Immobilize too (never worked on him with shield on). With shield off, he is easy to stagger and susceptible to heavy attacks. But you can choose to ignore his shield (like most spell binder) and just melee him to death.  Spend your focus points on Resolute Strike instead of Heavy strike.  Yes, you can still hurt him with his shield at full.
Contrary to most initial belief, this shield is not simply health.  It is his ability to dodge your Heavy attack and sometimes block your other attacks, and some damage mitigation.  Oh, maybe immune to Immobilize too (never worked on him with shield on). With shield off, he is easy to stagger and susceptible to heavy attacks. But you can choose to ignore his shield (like most spell binder) and just melee him to death.  Spend your focus points on Resolute Strike instead of Heavy strike.  Yes, you can still hurt him with his shield at full.
The shield is fair. It greatly increases the difficulty of the boss. I mean, what’s a game without challenges? It encourages you to explore different ways to solve the “problem”. Like I was switching between vessels and later found out that the plantain fan shatters those shields like a piece of paper. Saying that it's fair and that it increases the difficulty of the boss and then immediately stating that you rendered the shield completely meaningless with a single skill sure is one of the takes of time.
Saying that it's fair and that it increases the difficulty of the boss and then immediately stating that you rendered the shield completely meaningless with a single skill sure is one of the takes of time.
Have you used the fan on him? It will strip his whole shield for you. Use the armor that gives you qi on crit and you can use the fan ~3 or so times in the fight with a high enough crit. Ng+ Using his own spear against him makes the strategy go gangbusters when most of the swords crit. The ideal is for Fan to at least pop twice or even 3 times.  But so far I can't seem to do enough crit damage on him that make the fan comes back so fast.  I know staff spin gives lots of hits/crit, just that I find it so few opportunities to even staff spin him. The Golden Embroidered armor full set will help get Qi back. Also Sunset of the Nine Skies drink will also give back a lot of Qi to both your spirit and vessel. Also using the Non-Able spirit will take some really good chunks out of his Poise armor bar. Another sure fire tactic is using Azure Dust transformation. He let's you transform and doesn't do anything about it. And the light attacks from it really chew through that Poise armor bar. Make sure to have some Mirage Pills to help get your transformation back and it'll really help. Also making sure you have a stock pile of medicines is also key. I would usually use my transformation after all my various pill buffs wore off. That way I didn't waste them. Also using Cloud Step to get some space to take pills also really helped me. i usually maxxed out the immobilize and just use this loop until he's dead. Build: Golden Embroided set + Adept spike shooting fuban staff + crit chance curios ( the green beads ones) ~ 37% crit chance Right at start -  1st phase: use fan, then wait until hes out of his shield - Immobilize + staff spin + wandering wight. should give you your fan back or very close to it. 2nd phase ( after the big axe):  use your fan ( or attack him until you got your fan) then repeat the cycle from 1st phase. If you dont have wandering wight for dmg you should have a fully charged focus bar and get him to 3rd phase 3rd phase ( lazers): save your cloud step until he shoots out the thousands of daggers, then as he lands repeat the same cycle again. If you feel unsafe just use the Azure Dust transformation to chill out a bit
The ideal is for Fan to at least pop twice or even 3 times.  But so far I can't seem to do enough crit damage on him that make the fan comes back so fast.  I know staff spin gives lots of hits/crit, just that I find it so few opportunities to even staff spin him. The Golden Embroidered armor full set will help get Qi back. Also Sunset of the Nine Skies drink will also give back a lot of Qi to both your spirit and vessel. Also using the Non-Able spirit will take some really good chunks out of his Poise armor bar. Another sure fire tactic is using Azure Dust transformation. He let's you transform and doesn't do anything about it. And the light attacks from it really chew through that Poise armor bar. Make sure to have some Mirage Pills to help get your transformation back and it'll really help. Also making sure you have a stock pile of medicines is also key. I would usually use my transformation after all my various pill buffs wore off. That way I didn't waste them. Also using Cloud Step to get some space to take pills also really helped me. i usually maxxed out the immobilize and just use this loop until he's dead. Build: Golden Embroided set + Adept spike shooting fuban staff + crit chance curios ( the green beads ones) ~ 37% crit chance Right at start -  1st phase: use fan, then wait until hes out of his shield - Immobilize + staff spin + wandering wight. should give you your fan back or very close to it. 2nd phase ( after the big axe):  use your fan ( or attack him until you got your fan) then repeat the cycle from 1st phase. If you dont have wandering wight for dmg you should have a fully charged focus bar and get him to 3rd phase 3rd phase ( lazers): save your cloud step until he shoots out the thousands of daggers, then as he lands repeat the same cycle again. If you feel unsafe just use the Azure Dust transformation to chill out a bit
The Golden Embroidered armor full set will help get Qi back. Also Sunset of the Nine Skies drink will also give back a lot of Qi to both your spirit and vessel. Also using the Non-Able spirit will take some really good chunks out of his Poise armor bar. Another sure fire tactic is using Azure Dust transformation. He let's you transform and doesn't do anything about it. And the light attacks from it really chew through that Poise armor bar. Make sure to have some Mirage Pills to help get your transformation back and it'll really help. Also making sure you have a stock pile of medicines is also key. I would usually use my transformation after all my various pill buffs wore off. That way I didn't waste them. Also using Cloud Step to get some space to take pills also really helped me.
i usually maxxed out the immobilize and just use this loop until he's dead. Build: Golden Embroided set + Adept spike shooting fuban staff + crit chance curios ( the green beads ones) ~ 37% crit chance Right at start -  1st phase: use fan, then wait until hes out of his shield - Immobilize + staff spin + wandering wight. should give you your fan back or very close to it. 2nd phase ( after the big axe):  use your fan ( or attack him until you got your fan) then repeat the cycle from 1st phase. If you dont have wandering wight for dmg you should have a fully charged focus bar and get him to 3rd phase 3rd phase ( lazers): save your cloud step until he shoots out the thousands of daggers, then as he lands repeat the same cycle again. If you feel unsafe just use the Azure Dust transformation to chill out a bit
He has no poise without shield. If you want to take out shield, add a reasonable poise to him, and he will still be just as hard.
73×every move in the moveset, you mean? I know I died more than 73 times then. Lol
He only activtates his 4 bane attacks when you attack him using one of the four banes. That's why using the mythical frog spirit on this boss is the biggest mistake you can make. Really cool mechanic.
HAH. yah I was just thinking "I don't THINK I died 73 times to this guy, but it's possible..." lol
Bilibili link: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1rFtbeCE8J/?spm_id_from=333.1007.tianma.1-1-1.click&vd_source=da520755a13de60c921ebb15720c2862 Man game science didn't need to go so damn hard for one boss lol Broken shell also has a lot new moves that the destined one don’t have. He literally does everything we do and MORE. And all the stuff we share he looks way cooler doing it Like he does pillar stance and just takes to orbit yeah, his final phase clone attack is incredible, i’m talking about that animation if he parries you with rock solid For now :) maybe we’ll see them in the DLCs.
Broken shell also has a lot new moves that the destined one don’t have. He literally does everything we do and MORE. And all the stuff we share he looks way cooler doing it Like he does pillar stance and just takes to orbit yeah, his final phase clone attack is incredible, i’m talking about that animation if he parries you with rock solid For now :) maybe we’ll see them in the DLCs.
He literally does everything we do and MORE. And all the stuff we share he looks way cooler doing it Like he does pillar stance and just takes to orbit
Like he does pillar stance and just takes to orbit
yeah, his final phase clone attack is incredible, i’m talking about that animation if he parries you with rock solid
For now :) maybe we’ll see them in the DLCs.
This game is so insanely fucking well developed it makes me want to send the devs a Christmas card. (Or maybe Chinese New Year card would be more appropriate)? Probably New Year card.  Christmas in China is more of a commercial thing than a real tradition. As an American, rolling into class as an 8th grader (my first year in Chinese public school) on Christmas Day was a surreal experience. If the leaks hold true, the devs want to surprise us with first DLC chapters expansion pack during 2025 Chinese New Year.
Probably New Year card.  Christmas in China is more of a commercial thing than a real tradition. As an American, rolling into class as an 8th grader (my first year in Chinese public school) on Christmas Day was a surreal experience.
As an American, rolling into class as an 8th grader (my first year in Chinese public school) on Christmas Day was a surreal experience.
If the leaks hold true, the devs want to surprise us with first DLC chapters expansion pack during 2025 Chinese New Year.
Honestly, this game makes me feel we are getting to the point where we may start to see games as intended rather than just close representations of what was envisioned. Think of those game ideas you had as a kid. They are possible more than ever. Still waiting for a game where everything is destructible and you can smash your opponent through ten layers of walls mid air.
Still waiting for a game where everything is destructible and you can smash your opponent through ten layers of walls mid air.
Fighting this boss is so cool. I carefully not kill this guy every NG +. Though he is not carefully trying to kill me. LOL
I found that while using the Golden Loong staff he would almost immediately buff himself with lightning and yell about 'Ying & Yang'. Almost every attack would then one or two shot me, it was crazy. Once I changed weapons he never buffed himself again. I have no idea if that was me being lucky/unlucky. He absorbs any elemental attack you throw st him, so it's best not to use any of the elemental transforms. If you put any elemental effect on him, he would transfer it to spear tip and use it against you, works for lightning/fire/frost/poison. Also immobilize which is the worst You can dodge his counterattack and his spear spinning while countering the spell isn't damaging. So I found that even though he isn't immobilized when he's countering it, he kind of is as long as you either finish your combo and stagger him with the final hit, or dodge his counter attack. It was still useful for controlling his actions I was using Golden Loong and struggling. Switched to Jingubang and got him in the next try so you might be right Erlang somehow gets triggered when he sees a dragon. That’s really interesting and worth testing. That could be some big help.
He absorbs any elemental attack you throw st him, so it's best not to use any of the elemental transforms.
If you put any elemental effect on him, he would transfer it to spear tip and use it against you, works for lightning/fire/frost/poison. Also immobilize which is the worst You can dodge his counterattack and his spear spinning while countering the spell isn't damaging. So I found that even though he isn't immobilized when he's countering it, he kind of is as long as you either finish your combo and stagger him with the final hit, or dodge his counter attack. It was still useful for controlling his actions
Also immobilize which is the worst You can dodge his counterattack and his spear spinning while countering the spell isn't damaging. So I found that even though he isn't immobilized when he's countering it, he kind of is as long as you either finish your combo and stagger him with the final hit, or dodge his counter attack. It was still useful for controlling his actions
You can dodge his counterattack and his spear spinning while countering the spell isn't damaging. So I found that even though he isn't immobilized when he's countering it, he kind of is as long as you either finish your combo and stagger him with the final hit, or dodge his counter attack. It was still useful for controlling his actions
I was using Golden Loong and struggling. Switched to Jingubang and got him in the next try so you might be right
Erlang somehow gets triggered when he sees a dragon.
That’s really interesting and worth testing. That could be some big help.
Daaaaaaaam and I learned the hard way that he will copy your attack if you attack him with ice or fire didn't try poison though I guess I have to find out in ng3 Don't try and use Immobilize either in phase 2. He literally absorbs and shots it at you! Then you get stuck mashing buttons hoping to break it. You can still do it, if you time it right while he's in the middle of an attack. I got some after perfect dodges in his long attack chains. Not easily reproducible though. Haha yeah true he did that to me
Don't try and use Immobilize either in phase 2. He literally absorbs and shots it at you! Then you get stuck mashing buttons hoping to break it. You can still do it, if you time it right while he's in the middle of an attack. I got some after perfect dodges in his long attack chains. Not easily reproducible though. Haha yeah true he did that to me
You can still do it, if you time it right while he's in the middle of an attack. I got some after perfect dodges in his long attack chains. Not easily reproducible though.
Haha yeah true he did that to me
the best thing about this boss is the trash talk from him, its hilarious The way he just stands still to insult you when you transform into a legged rock is indeed hilarious
The way he just stands still to insult you when you transform into a legged rock is indeed hilarious
In the lore, he counters every attack Wukong made, and he wasn’t bragging when he said he bested Wukong at the start of the game.
73 how lol, seen like 10 moves I think in the heat of the battle you don't differentiate them, but his movements are different and not often repeats even if some moves use the same weapon combo (spear + sword, spear + axe), also he adds a delay to some of his moves, feels like AI if you try to time his combo and he just adapts by adding more and more delay to his moves. That's how I felt when I fought him and tried to read his moves which always felt different in some ways. 73 moves, one reaction: panic dodge It could include combinations, too. He can switch up on a fucking dime. Just him flying in the sky has at least 4… he even has his dog coming out to help at the beginning He's changing his fighting style and weapon combinations throughout the whole fight, he has 10 moves maybe in the first phase There are also moves that counter your transformation/spirits, if you using spell binders you will miss out quite a number of them
I think in the heat of the battle you don't differentiate them, but his movements are different and not often repeats even if some moves use the same weapon combo (spear + sword, spear + axe), also he adds a delay to some of his moves, feels like AI if you try to time his combo and he just adapts by adding more and more delay to his moves. That's how I felt when I fought him and tried to read his moves which always felt different in some ways.
73 moves, one reaction: panic dodge
It could include combinations, too. He can switch up on a fucking dime.
Just him flying in the sky has at least 4… he even has his dog coming out to help at the beginning
He's changing his fighting style and weapon combinations throughout the whole fight, he has 10 moves maybe in the first phase
There are also moves that counter your transformation/spirits, if you using spell binders you will miss out quite a number of them
用户已删除评论
I thought it was 72. And when 72 transformations is described, it does not mean literally 72. “72” is a literary number in Chinese mythology for “infinite”, similar to 40 in the Bible means “a lot”.
I fought him for 73 hours and I believe it.  I swear he was doing new stuff every time.
Bro beat the shit outta me smh
I don't know Erlang Shen too well.  He has 73 transformations?  Even more than Wukong? Yeah, that's how he beat Wukong in the beginning of Jttw. I wouldn't call it beating.  Wukong was on a roll.  He literately toyed with everyone without dropping a sweat. Then came Erlang that forced Wukong to pay attention and focus on the fight.  Erlang proved to be formidable, so Wukong didn't feel like spending time dueling him, he ran away.  Why fight a hard boss when he could have fun beating up others? But really, if Wukong gets serious, I don't think Erlang stands a chance.  So in my book, Erlang is the only one skillful and powerful enough to stand toe to toe with Wukong while others hopelessly fail and being toyed with like cat toying mice. Wukong was having real trouble with him at the time, but let's not forget that he received a number of powerups since that battle. By the opening fight in Black Myth, he may have lost his Buddhahood-related powerups but he was definitely more powerful than when they last fought. Still, he didn't feel like fighting Erlang AND the others at the same time, which is why he tried to run away. if Wukong gets serious I'm not really sure that's an option lmao it's important to note that 72 and 73 in the story is kinda figurative & not that literal, it just simply means that Wukong & Erlang are similar in skills and can do a bunch of stuff, but Erlang is a wee bit better I reckon that Erlang is a lot better, cultivating himself for thousands of years before Wukong.  Wukong is a very young celestial.  But he has immense raw power and potentials.  This is how Wukong could become so powerful in such a short time (7 years is like 7 seconds for these celestials). Wukong was so clueless to hierarchy of the universe.  So anyone aggro him, he aggro back.  The entire celestial court full of the best champions of the universe, cultivating themselves for thousands of years... Their combined power was not even a match for Wukong. Erlang was on top of the food chain by harnessing and maximizing his powers.  But Wukong still has so much untapped potentials he did not quite realize yet.  His teacher Puti Zushi taught him the skills to keep him grounded in the confine of these skills. Wukong literally aggro'd every being in the universe, he was an asshole and he deserved the punishment that was coming for him. He robbed Ao Guang of the Dragon Armor and the Staff, he violated multiple rules by sabotaging documents of Yan Wang to achieve his first 'layer' of immortality. For the first portion of the novel, Wukong was strictly a selfish arrogant unreasonable brat. About Wukong strength, he is indeed a very powerful being in the JttW universe, but many celestial beings, and even yaoguais could mope the floor with him. Hell, among his brethrens of the four chaotic monkeys, he was the weakest. The Six-eared Macaque would have destroyed Wukong had it not been for Buddha's intervention. What are you on abt the six eared maqauce and wukong were evenly matched they only needed buddha to tell which one was which Isn’t that an Easter egg? It’s a reference to Erlang best Wukong in some of the media adaptations of Journey to the West. A number of media adaptations had them evenly matched such that they had to fight many rounds (usually 300 rounds). They then decided on a bet to see who can do more transformations, and he best Wukong’s 72 with his 73, before other deities intervene. Don’t think this actually took place in the novel, but in the novel both of them had an extensive sequence where Wukong transforms into something and Erlang transforms into something else to counter that and Wukong transforms to something else.
Yeah, that's how he beat Wukong in the beginning of Jttw. I wouldn't call it beating.  Wukong was on a roll.  He literately toyed with everyone without dropping a sweat. Then came Erlang that forced Wukong to pay attention and focus on the fight.  Erlang proved to be formidable, so Wukong didn't feel like spending time dueling him, he ran away.  Why fight a hard boss when he could have fun beating up others? But really, if Wukong gets serious, I don't think Erlang stands a chance.  So in my book, Erlang is the only one skillful and powerful enough to stand toe to toe with Wukong while others hopelessly fail and being toyed with like cat toying mice. Wukong was having real trouble with him at the time, but let's not forget that he received a number of powerups since that battle. By the opening fight in Black Myth, he may have lost his Buddhahood-related powerups but he was definitely more powerful than when they last fought. Still, he didn't feel like fighting Erlang AND the others at the same time, which is why he tried to run away. if Wukong gets serious I'm not really sure that's an option lmao
I wouldn't call it beating.  Wukong was on a roll.  He literately toyed with everyone without dropping a sweat. Then came Erlang that forced Wukong to pay attention and focus on the fight.  Erlang proved to be formidable, so Wukong didn't feel like spending time dueling him, he ran away.  Why fight a hard boss when he could have fun beating up others? But really, if Wukong gets serious, I don't think Erlang stands a chance.  So in my book, Erlang is the only one skillful and powerful enough to stand toe to toe with Wukong while others hopelessly fail and being toyed with like cat toying mice. Wukong was having real trouble with him at the time, but let's not forget that he received a number of powerups since that battle. By the opening fight in Black Myth, he may have lost his Buddhahood-related powerups but he was definitely more powerful than when they last fought. Still, he didn't feel like fighting Erlang AND the others at the same time, which is why he tried to run away. if Wukong gets serious I'm not really sure that's an option lmao
Wukong was having real trouble with him at the time, but let's not forget that he received a number of powerups since that battle. By the opening fight in Black Myth, he may have lost his Buddhahood-related powerups but he was definitely more powerful than when they last fought. Still, he didn't feel like fighting Erlang AND the others at the same time, which is why he tried to run away.
if Wukong gets serious I'm not really sure that's an option lmao
it's important to note that 72 and 73 in the story is kinda figurative & not that literal, it just simply means that Wukong & Erlang are similar in skills and can do a bunch of stuff, but Erlang is a wee bit better I reckon that Erlang is a lot better, cultivating himself for thousands of years before Wukong.  Wukong is a very young celestial.  But he has immense raw power and potentials.  This is how Wukong could become so powerful in such a short time (7 years is like 7 seconds for these celestials). Wukong was so clueless to hierarchy of the universe.  So anyone aggro him, he aggro back.  The entire celestial court full of the best champions of the universe, cultivating themselves for thousands of years... Their combined power was not even a match for Wukong. Erlang was on top of the food chain by harnessing and maximizing his powers.  But Wukong still has so much untapped potentials he did not quite realize yet.  His teacher Puti Zushi taught him the skills to keep him grounded in the confine of these skills. Wukong literally aggro'd every being in the universe, he was an asshole and he deserved the punishment that was coming for him. He robbed Ao Guang of the Dragon Armor and the Staff, he violated multiple rules by sabotaging documents of Yan Wang to achieve his first 'layer' of immortality. For the first portion of the novel, Wukong was strictly a selfish arrogant unreasonable brat. About Wukong strength, he is indeed a very powerful being in the JttW universe, but many celestial beings, and even yaoguais could mope the floor with him. Hell, among his brethrens of the four chaotic monkeys, he was the weakest. The Six-eared Macaque would have destroyed Wukong had it not been for Buddha's intervention. What are you on abt the six eared maqauce and wukong were evenly matched they only needed buddha to tell which one was which
I reckon that Erlang is a lot better, cultivating himself for thousands of years before Wukong.  Wukong is a very young celestial.  But he has immense raw power and potentials.  This is how Wukong could become so powerful in such a short time (7 years is like 7 seconds for these celestials). Wukong was so clueless to hierarchy of the universe.  So anyone aggro him, he aggro back.  The entire celestial court full of the best champions of the universe, cultivating themselves for thousands of years... Their combined power was not even a match for Wukong. Erlang was on top of the food chain by harnessing and maximizing his powers.  But Wukong still has so much untapped potentials he did not quite realize yet.  His teacher Puti Zushi taught him the skills to keep him grounded in the confine of these skills. Wukong literally aggro'd every being in the universe, he was an asshole and he deserved the punishment that was coming for him. He robbed Ao Guang of the Dragon Armor and the Staff, he violated multiple rules by sabotaging documents of Yan Wang to achieve his first 'layer' of immortality. For the first portion of the novel, Wukong was strictly a selfish arrogant unreasonable brat. About Wukong strength, he is indeed a very powerful being in the JttW universe, but many celestial beings, and even yaoguais could mope the floor with him. Hell, among his brethrens of the four chaotic monkeys, he was the weakest. The Six-eared Macaque would have destroyed Wukong had it not been for Buddha's intervention. What are you on abt the six eared maqauce and wukong were evenly matched they only needed buddha to tell which one was which
Wukong literally aggro'd every being in the universe, he was an asshole and he deserved the punishment that was coming for him. He robbed Ao Guang of the Dragon Armor and the Staff, he violated multiple rules by sabotaging documents of Yan Wang to achieve his first 'layer' of immortality. For the first portion of the novel, Wukong was strictly a selfish arrogant unreasonable brat. About Wukong strength, he is indeed a very powerful being in the JttW universe, but many celestial beings, and even yaoguais could mope the floor with him. Hell, among his brethrens of the four chaotic monkeys, he was the weakest. The Six-eared Macaque would have destroyed Wukong had it not been for Buddha's intervention. What are you on abt the six eared maqauce and wukong were evenly matched they only needed buddha to tell which one was which
What are you on abt the six eared maqauce and wukong were evenly matched they only needed buddha to tell which one was which
Isn’t that an Easter egg? It’s a reference to Erlang best Wukong in some of the media adaptations of Journey to the West. A number of media adaptations had them evenly matched such that they had to fight many rounds (usually 300 rounds). They then decided on a bet to see who can do more transformations, and he best Wukong’s 72 with his 73, before other deities intervene. Don’t think this actually took place in the novel, but in the novel both of them had an extensive sequence where Wukong transforms into something and Erlang transforms into something else to counter that and Wukong transforms to something else.
Really kick my but with the 15 I’ve seen
Wait, Wukong only has 72 transformations. No wonder Erlang is stronger
Yeah, one more than Wukong.
Me using poison pool against Erlang. Erlang
Haven’ gotten to him yet but basically this fight is an RNG nightmare? It's not that bad. Most of his "big" moves will be the same. Like shooting swords from the sky or dropping a giant axe on you. Don't get me wrong though. He does a lot of stuff, and he doesn't let you do too much of your stuff. Immobilize? Not feeling it right now. Transformation? How about 'no'? Elemental damage? Oh, he'll give as good as he gets.
It's not that bad. Most of his "big" moves will be the same. Like shooting swords from the sky or dropping a giant axe on you. Don't get me wrong though. He does a lot of stuff, and he doesn't let you do too much of your stuff. Immobilize? Not feeling it right now. Transformation? How about 'no'? Elemental damage? Oh, he'll give as good as he gets.
Do you guys notice that if you use any elemental spirits or weapons, he would use it against you? He will force his spear to that element to fight you.
Hmmm is he gonna be playable in Black Myth: Jiang Ziya since he is also a character in Investitures of the Gods 封神演义…
As someone who is currently trying to beat him with only light combos, no vessels, and no transformations or spells, I can confirm. It's a long ass fight and he always has new tricks.
I can’t even beat the yellow loong
70+ unnecessary moves screams that it's gonna be a BS fight (and it is).
Hated him in the prologue without knowing the story. But best BRO ever in the ending.
the DLC update needs a boss selector and difficulty setting selector se we can choose bosses we enjoy fighting and different boss arena's would be amazing!!
Yeah, people always got this thing wrong. It's "abilities", not "transformations". It's apply to Wukong too. "transformation" is just one of those abilities, and they can transform into anything they want unlimited. You are right and wrong. Firstly, yes technically it's 72 abilities, not that they can transform into 72 types. 72 transformation as a name is not wrong either. The original name of the skill set is 72变. Direct translation of 变 is transformation. The author is to blame for why he didn't call it 72技(skill/ability) to begin with.
You are right and wrong. Firstly, yes technically it's 72 abilities, not that they can transform into 72 types. 72 transformation as a name is not wrong either. The original name of the skill set is 72变. Direct translation of 变 is transformation. The author is to blame for why he didn't call it 72技(skill/ability) to begin with.
Whoever said that he has 73 definitely an Erlang Fanboy. He only has 72 Earthly Transformation just like Wukong lol. Not an expert, but it was always said he had 73. Having one more than Wukong to say Erlang was slightly stronger was precisely the point the author was trying to make.
Not an expert, but it was always said he had 73. Having one more than Wukong to say Erlang was slightly stronger was precisely the point the author was trying to make.
Does bashing square 73 times count as a move set? One of em yeah
One of em yeah
Yeah, people always got this thing wrong. It's "abilities", not "transformations". It's apply to Wukong too. "transformation" is just one of those abilities, and they can transform into anything they want unlimited Damn bro didn’t even bother changing up one word
Damn bro didn’t even bother changing up one word
Damn I was so in the fight I never noticed what he mentioned for the macaque transformation
Shit thank God I defeated him not gonna cross him again 😅
So it’s equivalent of fighting actual gods in real time.
I freaking knew it. He doesn't just throw the kitchen sink at you, but the whole damn kitchen. and the restaurant
and the restaurant
Ugh I still gotta beat his ass, this ain't good news
Now I want to play as him in the sequel
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Fancy-Trifle3272 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Fancy-Trifle3272 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
wait so im not tripping when i see that a boss has 30+ move sets ? I was losing my mind fighting the YWS
I’m currently on a 3 day break from this effing guy. I think he broke my brain.
Erlang Shen looks like he has a vagina on his forehead. hey , you know what.. we chinese sees it so much and we never think of it this way!
hey , you know what.. we chinese sees it so much and we never think of it this way!
shame that i have to complete everything in order to fight him
Ngl not sure if I could beat this fight without abusing high qi and fan
Also Erlang has a shocked reaction if you revive using the revive medicine that saves you from one death.
That’s insane! I love how they’re sticking so closely to the lore. But besides this, if you're into exploring more of that deep lore, Wukong GPT is a fun way to dive in further. Plus, you can win CDKeys or USDT while chatting with it—pretty sweet bonus!
And I had to learn every single one of them intimately to kill that A-hole
He wants to one up me so bad!!
After just last night beating looong the blue dragon over the ice at lvl 36. I've cone to terms with how east this game is.  I've seen some of the top ( just from whatvuve seen no actual leaderboard to top ) YouTube streamers with tutorials on how to beat each boss. Still not conquer some of the bosses till we'll after lvl 45.   This game keeps my head fresh. Strategies always bubbling to the surface. What to try next.  It's so much fun
Oh god, I see that Erlang having 73 transformation shit got here too🤦‍♂️
Take note ubisoft,  you f*ing dorks 😅
What? What does that even mean?
oh f off -_-
Does he hate Rock Solid as everyone else (I didn't fight him)? I specifically remember that the centipede guy and Yellow Dragon punished me for it
I discovered a glitch that allowed me to get out of the arena while hiding behind the snow and doing the heavy thrust stance. On my lucky two tries, I almost defeated the boss—his health bar was down to about 25%! Laughing, I told my friends, “This is easy; it’s the easiest boss in the game!” Deep down, I knew I might regret winning due to that glitch instead of a real fight. Unfortunately, due to my lack of knowledge about his skills and phases, I didn’t realize he could unleash thousands of swords and red lightning at me. That was unfortunate, haha! When I died, my friends teased me, saying, “Buddha told you not to cheat, my friend.” The glitch happened when Erlang tried to grab me while I was using Pluck of Many at the same time. He ended up grabbing both me and my clone at the same time, which caused my screen to go black during the grab animation. At first, I thought it was my PS5 acting up. After a few seconds, I found myself unable to re-enter the arena; it seemed like there was an invisible wall. I tried going in and out, but I couldn’t! So, I hid behind the snow, which put me at a safe distance from Erlang. My mischievous friend encouraged me to try to kill him using only the thrust stance—charging and hitting repeatedly. It was hilarious to perform this in front of my friends! After I died, I tried to recreate the glitch, but I couldn’t find it again. It was such a funny and unique moment! And now, a week later, I still can’t beat him. Maybe it’s karma, or maybe it’s just how it goes. Should I regret not trying to win during the glitch? 🤔
And now, a week later, I still can’t beat him. Maybe it’s karma, or maybe it’s just how it goes. Should I regret not trying to win during the glitch? 🤔
So my description of him being a wacky inflatable flailing arm tube man turned super Saiyan wasn't too far off
Pretty sure it's 72, at least the book says 72 in the first volume
And Wukong only has 72, i still hate how people call it "transformation" since it's spells not transformation, like walk on clouds, read mind, eat mist, face through wall, healing,... The 73rd spell is Erlang's third eyes, it can see through Wukong disguised, still weaker than the 36 Thiên Cang spells of Zhu Baije  (what it called in Vietnamese, the English will just be 36 transformations which is confusing)
I'm sure the lore states there are 72 earthly transformations...still very cool though!
I beat him last night in 11 tries, in NG+, while drunk. I still can't believe how far I've come in this game. I was a complete noob at this king of game when I started. I beat Wukong, Erlang and second time Wukong only after I drank 2l of liquid bread.
I beat Wukong, Erlang and second time Wukong only after I drank 2l of liquid bread.
Wasnt it 72 transformations?
