================================================================================  评论列表:
Straight up anime finish. track me Lmao looks like one yeah The balls on this man to attempt this! If I was in his shoes, I would straight up cloud step and hit his booty from behind haha Notice he has no mana to do this In my attempt before this I had him at 1 hit with cloud step up but I panicked and died As that guy from Sekiro said Hesitation is defeat Isshin Ashina Probably a good thing you did, you finished this fight in one of the coolest ways I've seen so far Anime as fuck
Lmao looks like one yeah The balls on this man to attempt this! If I was in his shoes, I would straight up cloud step and hit his booty from behind haha Notice he has no mana to do this In my attempt before this I had him at 1 hit with cloud step up but I panicked and died As that guy from Sekiro said Hesitation is defeat Isshin Ashina Probably a good thing you did, you finished this fight in one of the coolest ways I've seen so far
The balls on this man to attempt this! If I was in his shoes, I would straight up cloud step and hit his booty from behind haha Notice he has no mana to do this In my attempt before this I had him at 1 hit with cloud step up but I panicked and died As that guy from Sekiro said Hesitation is defeat Isshin Ashina Probably a good thing you did, you finished this fight in one of the coolest ways I've seen so far
Notice he has no mana to do this
In my attempt before this I had him at 1 hit with cloud step up but I panicked and died As that guy from Sekiro said Hesitation is defeat Isshin Ashina Probably a good thing you did, you finished this fight in one of the coolest ways I've seen so far
As that guy from Sekiro said Hesitation is defeat Isshin Ashina
Isshin Ashina
Probably a good thing you did, you finished this fight in one of the coolest ways I've seen so far
Anime as fuck
It felt so good because I choked my last attempt so hard (I died in this pic) Top 10 pictures taken moments before disaster I died like this, too. He went absolutely nuts. I imagine that's fairly common with this rage-inducing bastard.
It felt so good because I choked my last attempt so hard (I died in this pic) Top 10 pictures taken moments before disaster I died like this, too. He went absolutely nuts. I imagine that's fairly common with this rage-inducing bastard.
Top 10 pictures taken moments before disaster
I died like this, too. He went absolutely nuts. I imagine that's fairly common with this rage-inducing bastard.
He beat my ass yesterday… gonna have to regroup (Anime training arc coming) This was me lol. I fought him initially when I got to the chapter but I had to come back after I was well into Chapter 5 before I beat him I got to him late at night and said I’ll struggle all day tomorrow and somehow I beat this mofo 1st try while coffe was still brewing I got close so many times. My main issue, besides his never-ending combo chains, was when he would float into the air and do the really fast lightning passes. I would almost always panic and miss the timing only to get killed by it The ultimate buff in games like this is a good night's sleep. Been true since Demons Souls lol Well into Chapter 5?? What is you guys doing in this game lol? I'm on NG+++ now but way back when, like 3 weeks ago lol, I had troubles like trying to beat Yellow Loong 用户已删除评论 I hear you loud and clear. And I’m guessing that I should switch off my spell (since the damage boost doesn’t seem to be doing all that much) and I’m trying to maintain the chi bai spear for the full length of the game until I can acquire one of the NG+ spears. I recieved the same tip from someone else 😄
This was me lol. I fought him initially when I got to the chapter but I had to come back after I was well into Chapter 5 before I beat him I got to him late at night and said I’ll struggle all day tomorrow and somehow I beat this mofo 1st try while coffe was still brewing I got close so many times. My main issue, besides his never-ending combo chains, was when he would float into the air and do the really fast lightning passes. I would almost always panic and miss the timing only to get killed by it The ultimate buff in games like this is a good night's sleep. Been true since Demons Souls lol Well into Chapter 5?? What is you guys doing in this game lol? I'm on NG+++ now but way back when, like 3 weeks ago lol, I had troubles like trying to beat Yellow Loong
I got to him late at night and said I’ll struggle all day tomorrow and somehow I beat this mofo 1st try while coffe was still brewing I got close so many times. My main issue, besides his never-ending combo chains, was when he would float into the air and do the really fast lightning passes. I would almost always panic and miss the timing only to get killed by it The ultimate buff in games like this is a good night's sleep. Been true since Demons Souls lol
I got close so many times. My main issue, besides his never-ending combo chains, was when he would float into the air and do the really fast lightning passes. I would almost always panic and miss the timing only to get killed by it
The ultimate buff in games like this is a good night's sleep. Been true since Demons Souls lol
Well into Chapter 5?? What is you guys doing in this game lol? I'm on NG+++ now but way back when, like 3 weeks ago lol, I had troubles like trying to beat Yellow Loong
I'm on NG+++ now but way back when, like 3 weeks ago lol, I had troubles like trying to beat Yellow Loong
用户已删除评论 I hear you loud and clear. And I’m guessing that I should switch off my spell (since the damage boost doesn’t seem to be doing all that much) and I’m trying to maintain the chi bai spear for the full length of the game until I can acquire one of the NG+ spears. I recieved the same tip from someone else 😄
I hear you loud and clear. And I’m guessing that I should switch off my spell (since the damage boost doesn’t seem to be doing all that much) and I’m trying to maintain the chi bai spear for the full length of the game until I can acquire one of the NG+ spears.
I recieved the same tip from someone else 😄
Been struggling with this fucker on and off for the last 3 days lol You want the easy way? Use cloud step whenever he gets into charge mode. He has 3 mode. 1st the beginning where he only combos you for 3 hits. The worthy way is you dont use step cloud and try to dodge whenever he enters in charge mode. Although i admit that i interrupted his charge modes with a 4 focus trust heavy atk. After he gets in the first charge mode, 2nd phase start. He will combo you with 6 hits, so you need to mentally prepare to dodge all that 3rd phase, he gets into his 3rd chage mode. His combos now can last 8-12 hits so be mentally prepare. I found it very helpful to dodge behind him insted of backwards or the sides. You need to keep looking at the point of his spear to dodge it. If you keep your distance he’ll always slow walk towards you (get too far he’ll do his lightning dash), this means you can charge a heavy for free. So you can pretty much just 3 charge heavy, knock him backwards, re-adjust distance and charge another heavy. If he crouches and charges up his lightning just let go of your charge early. This is what I did too. Rolled away, 3-charged thrusts, used my transformation whenever I could. The blacksmith’s block move is great for those later combos. Block until your focus is full, then heavy attack. Beat him before I went any further in chapter 4
You want the easy way? Use cloud step whenever he gets into charge mode. He has 3 mode. 1st the beginning where he only combos you for 3 hits. The worthy way is you dont use step cloud and try to dodge whenever he enters in charge mode. Although i admit that i interrupted his charge modes with a 4 focus trust heavy atk. After he gets in the first charge mode, 2nd phase start. He will combo you with 6 hits, so you need to mentally prepare to dodge all that 3rd phase, he gets into his 3rd chage mode. His combos now can last 8-12 hits so be mentally prepare. I found it very helpful to dodge behind him insted of backwards or the sides. You need to keep looking at the point of his spear to dodge it.
If you keep your distance he’ll always slow walk towards you (get too far he’ll do his lightning dash), this means you can charge a heavy for free. So you can pretty much just 3 charge heavy, knock him backwards, re-adjust distance and charge another heavy. If he crouches and charges up his lightning just let go of your charge early. This is what I did too. Rolled away, 3-charged thrusts, used my transformation whenever I could. The blacksmith’s block move is great for those later combos. Block until your focus is full, then heavy attack. Beat him before I went any further in chapter 4
This is what I did too. Rolled away, 3-charged thrusts, used my transformation whenever I could. The blacksmith’s block move is great for those later combos. Block until your focus is full, then heavy attack. Beat him before I went any further in chapter 4
This inspired me to try again this gif haha
this gif haha
Jesus you made me nervous
Yellow loong was one of the best bosses in the game for me. I fought him when i found him, took me about an hour and a half to beat, and it just felt like a love letter to bloodborne/ds3 for me. The way he kept the same combos but expanded on them as his health went down was really nicely structured.
This is probably the best designed fighting boss in this game, no dumb hitboxes, cool attacks, an actually resolute counter parry, cool lore, good rewards, don't feel the need to cheese him. Him and Yin Tiger feel so good to play against even tho they beat me ass about 20 times. The fights just feel so rewarding and fun to play against No bullshit hit boxes, telegraphed moves, pretty much just a skill battle with those two bosses tbh
Him and Yin Tiger feel so good to play against even tho they beat me ass about 20 times. The fights just feel so rewarding and fun to play against No bullshit hit boxes, telegraphed moves, pretty much just a skill battle with those two bosses tbh
i can't stand looking at this dude yellow long anymore, even this video made me mad lmao... this mf gave me the most trouble out of all the bosses haha pro tip for everyone struggling .... patience, 4 focus point smash stance with ring of fire, and cloud step will make it easier
That ending sound beat signifying the end of the boss is satisfying 👌🏻, followed by that 得勝.
nice
just finished him off after 5 tries, was scared shitless about everyone here proclaiming thst he is strong as fuck (he is lol), maybe i cheesed him idk? but with double clones spell at the beginning and at the end and yin tiger transformation block on his „dash ultimate“ he was actually manageable
Cool!! I just beat this modafuka today too (after given up last week) after getting that needle item.
You risked it all! And for what? A sweet ass victory frame? Worth it.
The shista Shasta
Absolute cinema!
Epic
That was nail biting climax! I've been struggling with this guy. Spending the long weekend to take this guy down. Pillar stance, Ebon Flow, Pluck of many and cloud step. Just got to time his moveset right.
That's the content I like to see on this sub. Awesome clip and congrats to your win.
Admirations for the true composure. I'd have panicked and died lol
HARD
He almost gave you 2 mental illnesses
absolutely eric
That was tough
That was badass.
You played a dangerous game 😭😭😭
I feel like I have serious imposter syndrome with this boss. Because it only took me two tries to kill him and the only reason I lost the first time It's because I had a build setup to kill erlang that I was fully used to using and even then I still nearly beat him. But once I use my regular build I kind of just decimated him. Now this was largely because I was at the end of the game (like level 60 something or 70s) and I just discovered he was a secret boss, but just how everyone's posting about him I thought he was supposed to be hard end game boss like erlang. But like I said I just destroyed him. I really feel like I'm an imposter here you had end game build ofc was going to be easy. Him and Yin tiger are incredibly difficult IF you fight them in the same chapter they're found. Of course you'll outscale them in the later chapters where you have gear and stats for the endgame.
you had end game build ofc was going to be easy.
Him and Yin tiger are incredibly difficult IF you fight them in the same chapter they're found. Of course you'll outscale them in the later chapters where you have gear and stats for the endgame.
Naruto vs Sasuke
Just beat this boss as well, lfg
Perfect! I also hit him 2-3 strikes of light attack that fills up the gauge, then in between his attacks I charge up to the max and hit him with my fully charged heavy the moment he rushes in     Never fails to deal lots of damage and stagger him
As someone that is in chap.5 and still didn't beat this fucker, what happens next? I get he's transformation?
epic
I hate this guy. Not even enjoyable. Just a trash encounter attacks flyoff screen and u can't even see yourself. Smh
Is he stronger them yin tiger ?
This boss is difficult took me about 3 hrs lol
I still can’t believe I beat this guy. I now use him all the time and just fuck up everybody.
That was fucking sick good shit 😭
Thats exactly how mine ended after about 30 tries
1 HP and a dream! Let's fucking go.
Honestly I hate cheesing bosses... it takes away all the fun (even if its an annoying af boss) I remember struggling so hard against this guy, but thanks to me not cheesing my way out I managed to significantly master rock solid (he is really weak against rock solid if you can time it right, even skips his flying dash phase) and perfect dodges... it massively improved my overall skill and the satisfaction I had when I defeated him was on another level.
Nice one! Had the same earlier this week, but he was the one Ending me with just one hit left 😂
Man!!!! This was sooo epic!
That was epic !
Ok, that was dope.
Sexyyyyy
EPIC!!!
Broooo that ending is stress inducing, adrenaline injection pure fire.. Anime finish or cutscene worthy.. GGs my dude
I cheesed the fuck out of this dude and don’t even feel bad lol
Yep , It was actually HIM or YOU , no other choices Holy
how do y'all deal with the screen shake? it's almost needlessly intense.
Destined One: "Omae wa mou shindeiru" Yellow Loong: "Nani?"
my butt cheeks were clinched for that video
wow beautiful
Same thing happened to me when I beat him. Not as cool looking as yours tho
EPIC
the last move was very risky tho.
Man this why i always love thrust stance,makes me feel badass on every finish
版主已移除评论
Awesome finish bro!!! I felt like he was the hardest boss in the game for me too
Nice
This was a bloody thriller ….
He truly is... the Destined One 🫡🐒
Thrust clocked his ass so good imma screenshot that and make it my phone cover good shit took me a day and 3hrs to beat him
Just out of curiosity, do you guys know to run under him when he starts floating and doing this lightning slash fly bys? He moves in an inverted arch. The lowest point of his movement is the middle of the arch where you are. If youre under him before he starts the attack he cant get you. So when he floats up all charged up, start running toards him and dodge roll under. Until his life gets half way, he does 3 hit combos At half it turns to 5 or 6 hit combos At a quarter life he starts spam chaining lightning charge combos, try to dodg roll teoards him to end up behind or next to him. His weapon is a ranged weapon, the closer you are, the safer you are. He parries smash stance varied combos. That's all the advice i can think of right now. But good luck guys.
Bros heartbeat 📈📈📈📈📈
The boss that really had me asking the same question over and over again. “How was that NOT a perfect dodge?”
Epic!!!!
That was cinematic as hell 🔥
Hes a goddamn hard boss at your first encounter with him, to even clutch at 1hp is insane determination, WELL DONE FELLOW MONKE!!!
Life saving pill? No, life saving pole
Thrust stance is the only stance !!
Bro, you need to work on your dodge timing
Ah my brother, This is how my first go around with Yellow went
Just spam 3 focus thrust stance it’s a ez cheese
Epic af
Thats first thrust i felt that way too much, missed charged attacks are annoying
By far this is the best intense fight i’ve ever seen. Congrats!
