================================================================================  评论列表:
Hope we're going to travel to the celestial court to save her and kill the Jade Emperor ( Kratos vs Zeus style ) in some future DLC or sequel. Would be great if Erlang and Nezha along with Sa Wujing and Tripitaka become our allies track me Yes indeed, that would be Epic ! No way you can kill Jade Emperor Just tell his wife that he cucked her with the moon. She’ll handle the rest. Nah bro I think she's already been made as senzu bean. :( there are interpretations that the bird god that captured her was meant to secretly protect her from punishment. Maybevshes imprisoned somewhere right before puting her in to the furnace. Since shes the one that break the closure. See that right hand man of jade emperor?(literally) he may be the one to punish. But its up to GS anyway.😄Dont lose hope yet I hope thats the case. Apparently her and wukong had a thing back in his past since the birdman said something about reincarnate and wukong still make the same mistake (when you remove the seals). Thats why I was salty cuz we never get to know what happen. No she cant have nothing with Wukong she wasnt even born when Wukong lived XD And also if you compare chapter 4 relic in inventory with its form in the cutscene where it first appeared, you’ll find a seed is missing. Could be related too Don't worry,we still have Xu Dog 🐶 There's rumer that there will be 2 dlcs was said that it will be the chapters that they didn't get done in time for the main game so 2 years for one DLC I'm gonna rip that POS crane's head off Did show in the game she was captured? And when You have to do her side quest in chapter 4 of removing 4 seals before fighting the final chapter boss. You will get the scene then. Theres two planned DLC’s for wukong Your idea is fantastic! Future game designs might head in that direction, offering not only an immersive experience but also plenty of open-ended storylines that fully engage players' sense of anticipation and imagination. It would be an excellent experiment. It wont happen. No one worship zues anymore. taoism worship the emperor. Ser we can differentiate between fictional stories and our believes / religion. Hahaha. There are some fictional stories that literally paint Buddha as the bad guy, and we are OK with it. We consume those for entertainment, we still worship Buddha / Taoism gods at the same time. I doubt there will be any dlc or expansions, the quest is to bring Wukong back. Six eared Macaque is already dead by this time, the Journey West is also completed as in the beginning Wukong said his master is safe, he also has the loop of binding. Game was originally much bigger but they reduced it by half. The idea is that the two DLCs will have the chapters they weren't able to put in because of the budget restraints. So basically, getting Wukong revived was just the halfway point of the story.
Yes indeed, that would be Epic !
No way you can kill Jade Emperor Just tell his wife that he cucked her with the moon. She’ll handle the rest.
Just tell his wife that he cucked her with the moon. She’ll handle the rest.
Nah bro I think she's already been made as senzu bean. :( there are interpretations that the bird god that captured her was meant to secretly protect her from punishment. Maybevshes imprisoned somewhere right before puting her in to the furnace. Since shes the one that break the closure. See that right hand man of jade emperor?(literally) he may be the one to punish. But its up to GS anyway.😄Dont lose hope yet I hope thats the case. Apparently her and wukong had a thing back in his past since the birdman said something about reincarnate and wukong still make the same mistake (when you remove the seals). Thats why I was salty cuz we never get to know what happen. No she cant have nothing with Wukong she wasnt even born when Wukong lived XD And also if you compare chapter 4 relic in inventory with its form in the cutscene where it first appeared, you’ll find a seed is missing. Could be related too Don't worry,we still have Xu Dog 🐶
there are interpretations that the bird god that captured her was meant to secretly protect her from punishment. Maybevshes imprisoned somewhere right before puting her in to the furnace. Since shes the one that break the closure. See that right hand man of jade emperor?(literally) he may be the one to punish. But its up to GS anyway.😄Dont lose hope yet I hope thats the case. Apparently her and wukong had a thing back in his past since the birdman said something about reincarnate and wukong still make the same mistake (when you remove the seals). Thats why I was salty cuz we never get to know what happen. No she cant have nothing with Wukong she wasnt even born when Wukong lived XD And also if you compare chapter 4 relic in inventory with its form in the cutscene where it first appeared, you’ll find a seed is missing. Could be related too
I hope thats the case. Apparently her and wukong had a thing back in his past since the birdman said something about reincarnate and wukong still make the same mistake (when you remove the seals). Thats why I was salty cuz we never get to know what happen. No she cant have nothing with Wukong she wasnt even born when Wukong lived XD
No she cant have nothing with Wukong she wasnt even born when Wukong lived XD
And also if you compare chapter 4 relic in inventory with its form in the cutscene where it first appeared, you’ll find a seed is missing. Could be related too
Don't worry,we still have Xu Dog 🐶
There's rumer that there will be 2 dlcs was said that it will be the chapters that they didn't get done in time for the main game so 2 years for one DLC
so 2 years for one DLC
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: feyzodd 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-09-03T06:36:07.864000+0000 内容: I'm gonna rip that POS crane's head off
Did show in the game she was captured? And when You have to do her side quest in chapter 4 of removing 4 seals before fighting the final chapter boss. You will get the scene then.
You have to do her side quest in chapter 4 of removing 4 seals before fighting the final chapter boss. You will get the scene then.
Theres two planned DLC’s for wukong
Your idea is fantastic! Future game designs might head in that direction, offering not only an immersive experience but also plenty of open-ended storylines that fully engage players' sense of anticipation and imagination. It would be an excellent experiment.
It wont happen. No one worship zues anymore. taoism worship the emperor. Ser we can differentiate between fictional stories and our believes / religion. Hahaha. There are some fictional stories that literally paint Buddha as the bad guy, and we are OK with it. We consume those for entertainment, we still worship Buddha / Taoism gods at the same time.
Ser we can differentiate between fictional stories and our believes / religion. Hahaha. There are some fictional stories that literally paint Buddha as the bad guy, and we are OK with it. We consume those for entertainment, we still worship Buddha / Taoism gods at the same time.
I doubt there will be any dlc or expansions, the quest is to bring Wukong back. Six eared Macaque is already dead by this time, the Journey West is also completed as in the beginning Wukong said his master is safe, he also has the loop of binding. Game was originally much bigger but they reduced it by half. The idea is that the two DLCs will have the chapters they weren't able to put in because of the budget restraints. So basically, getting Wukong revived was just the halfway point of the story.
Game was originally much bigger but they reduced it by half. The idea is that the two DLCs will have the chapters they weren't able to put in because of the budget restraints. So basically, getting Wukong revived was just the halfway point of the story.
Beautiful pencil work. Thanks for you comment.Enjoy the game and this pencil work.😃
Thanks for you comment.Enjoy the game and this pencil work.😃
Still don’t understand why she helped the Destined One. Her mother ain’t happy about the monkey because it took a slot in Baijie heart and she’s jealous about it, for a freaking 3 centuries Spoilers obviously One of the reincarnations of Wukong, one of the less forunate Destined Ones, met her in the past and they genuinely fell in love. She and the monke got engaged, but he unfortunately died (implied that he got killed after taking down those seals previously). To further the tragedy, our Destined doesn't have memories of previous ones, so he didn't recognize her while she did him, but it's still implied they are destined lovers, Red String of Fate and all that things. That is why, while being tsundere, she helps him out so much i.e she saved him from that web and took him to secluded place for him to regain conciousness, saved him from spiders, created a bridge for him or desperately begged him to run away after Celestials arrived. She even pointed out to him the single most profitable room in the entire game without any hidden catches which, again, implies that it's her dowry for him. Most of the hints require you to know a fair bit of Chinese cultural background. Her achievment is Chinese wordplay on wife. While all the other sisters have their hair down, she alone has her made up in an elaborate bun signaling that she is bethrothed/married IIRC. The lanterns started shouting Big Day! (Big Happiness! in Chinese) which implies wedding and was further confirmed because other lanters started doing it when Baije appeared. Her tear makeup also symoblized something, but I personally don't know what. Mourning perhaps? As to entire trouble with seals, Celestial Court essentially holds Zhu family (all the spider ladies) as indentured servants and prisoners of Burrow/those mountains, so as to make them their private seamstresses/cloths makers. She doesn't want that and wants to break out of there and go traveling around the world with, implication, our monke. Unfortunately, Celestial Court DOES NOT look kindly upon people trying to break free from their dominations, so drama ensues. Hell, trying to break free from their control is the entire premise of this game and exactly what Wukong always tries to do. I sincerely hope that we will see further development with her later. After all, Devs wanted 11 chapters, but they only had enough budget and time for 6. Plenty of space left. Damn they wanted 11?! I’m over here at hour 20 and still on chapter 3… Chapter 3 is so long, I love all the different areas in it. THAT mechanic isn't even that bad once you're expecting it and doesn't last that long. i`m at hour 35 and i`m still on chapter 3... How and where did u find this lore and backstory? Journals (anecdotes), dialogues, cutscenes and pattern, so to say. Like with lanterns, they show you it first without any explanation, but later on other lanterns yell that as well after Baije arrives and they explain that is is because he is a groom, so monke also had to be a groom and only Fourth Sister was present there and only she has any indications of being married/bethrothed. This fits with other hints.  It's never just said straight up and it is very subtle. Overall while this game story is coherent and story is well-put together, you have to work it out yourself and put things together because they rarely give you straight explanation. Prior knowledge of Journey to the West, Cultivation themes or Daoism and Buddhism mythos/religions also helps a lot It's much like the Soulsborune games in that regard. A lot of people complain that the games have no lore, no 'story' to them and that nothing is ever explained. In reality, the games do a great deal of storytelling through the environment. You have to look at the enemies, where they are, who they are, what they are wearing, what they drop, and pay attention to every little bit mentioned to piece together what happened and what is happening. A personal favorite of mine is the fate of Ornstein from the first game, which is finally answered in the third. With this game it is similar, but you also need to know quite a bit of the folklore and cultural history to go with those environmental clues. From Chinese social media source, they are all saying the same thing over there. It seems some one leaked it. pulled it from his ass For the makeup part, the Chinese community said that when she saved our Destined One, she was reminded of her dead lover and could only weep in silence while Destined One is still out cold in the room. I don't mind getting milked another 5 chapters lol, I think I'll definitely bite if they do 3 DLCs with 2 chapters each this part of plot reminds me of Planscape: Torment...good old times So when that crane immortal was talking about turning her into a golden pill and keep her safe what does that mean? Was he even talking about her? Because I don't think she was in the final scene I saw two theories about that. First is that he genuinely tried to save and hide her by turning her into a pill (I think or just the type of an excuse the Wukong himself did with his armor and Yin Tiger), so that monke could save her when he inevitably goes after Celestial Court because it's very unlikely they will just leave him be. Second is far, far more worse. That Crane Immortal essentially took her hostage and is blackmailing monke that if he ever goes against wishes of the Court or decides to make trouble for them, then he will kill her, turn her into cultivation material and is mocking monke that he then should go receive the reward for his "selfishness". Knowing the relationship between the court and Wukong, probably the second one 😭 Because this isn't the first time she met the Destined One, can't go further without spoilers though The way I understood it, she helped the Destined One because she longed for the outside world and the Destined One was paving the way by removing the talismans that were keeping her and her kind locked inside the spider hollow. That's just my assumption from her dialogue and the cutscenes she's in though. Her achievement is #47, if you read the number 47 in Chinese you will know why. I don't know Chinese, can you explain? It reads "4 is wife" 4=the 4th sister 7= Qi in Mandarin, which is a honophone for wife, Qi in Mandarin? Holy, so many small details that the dev put in the game This is my interpretation: 47 (四十七） reads “sì shí qī”, and it almost sounds like “似是妻”（sì shì qī）, which means “seems like wife” or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister) Because Mmm....monke Hint: tear mark, hair style and lantern The destined one that you played is not the first one. Because she loves Wukong and she sees the shadow of Wukong in the Destined One She wasn't even born when Wukong and his companions encountered her mom and aunties on their journey though, if anything she would only know about him through her words of how much of a monster he was Ok my bad. Some Tik Tok videos that I came accross gave me this impression lol I couldnt find it back. The way she call the Destined One 臭猴子 also gaves me the impression that she knows Wukong https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/comments/1f2mayx/who_is_the_fourth_sister_chapter_4/lkn6swk/ I thought the fox in chapter 5 loved wukong
Spoilers obviously One of the reincarnations of Wukong, one of the less forunate Destined Ones, met her in the past and they genuinely fell in love. She and the monke got engaged, but he unfortunately died (implied that he got killed after taking down those seals previously). To further the tragedy, our Destined doesn't have memories of previous ones, so he didn't recognize her while she did him, but it's still implied they are destined lovers, Red String of Fate and all that things. That is why, while being tsundere, she helps him out so much i.e she saved him from that web and took him to secluded place for him to regain conciousness, saved him from spiders, created a bridge for him or desperately begged him to run away after Celestials arrived. She even pointed out to him the single most profitable room in the entire game without any hidden catches which, again, implies that it's her dowry for him. Most of the hints require you to know a fair bit of Chinese cultural background. Her achievment is Chinese wordplay on wife. While all the other sisters have their hair down, she alone has her made up in an elaborate bun signaling that she is bethrothed/married IIRC. The lanterns started shouting Big Day! (Big Happiness! in Chinese) which implies wedding and was further confirmed because other lanters started doing it when Baije appeared. Her tear makeup also symoblized something, but I personally don't know what. Mourning perhaps? As to entire trouble with seals, Celestial Court essentially holds Zhu family (all the spider ladies) as indentured servants and prisoners of Burrow/those mountains, so as to make them their private seamstresses/cloths makers. She doesn't want that and wants to break out of there and go traveling around the world with, implication, our monke. Unfortunately, Celestial Court DOES NOT look kindly upon people trying to break free from their dominations, so drama ensues. Hell, trying to break free from their control is the entire premise of this game and exactly what Wukong always tries to do. I sincerely hope that we will see further development with her later. After all, Devs wanted 11 chapters, but they only had enough budget and time for 6. Plenty of space left. Damn they wanted 11?! I’m over here at hour 20 and still on chapter 3… Chapter 3 is so long, I love all the different areas in it. THAT mechanic isn't even that bad once you're expecting it and doesn't last that long. i`m at hour 35 and i`m still on chapter 3... How and where did u find this lore and backstory? Journals (anecdotes), dialogues, cutscenes and pattern, so to say. Like with lanterns, they show you it first without any explanation, but later on other lanterns yell that as well after Baije arrives and they explain that is is because he is a groom, so monke also had to be a groom and only Fourth Sister was present there and only she has any indications of being married/bethrothed. This fits with other hints.  It's never just said straight up and it is very subtle. Overall while this game story is coherent and story is well-put together, you have to work it out yourself and put things together because they rarely give you straight explanation. Prior knowledge of Journey to the West, Cultivation themes or Daoism and Buddhism mythos/religions also helps a lot It's much like the Soulsborune games in that regard. A lot of people complain that the games have no lore, no 'story' to them and that nothing is ever explained. In reality, the games do a great deal of storytelling through the environment. You have to look at the enemies, where they are, who they are, what they are wearing, what they drop, and pay attention to every little bit mentioned to piece together what happened and what is happening. A personal favorite of mine is the fate of Ornstein from the first game, which is finally answered in the third. With this game it is similar, but you also need to know quite a bit of the folklore and cultural history to go with those environmental clues. From Chinese social media source, they are all saying the same thing over there. It seems some one leaked it. pulled it from his ass For the makeup part, the Chinese community said that when she saved our Destined One, she was reminded of her dead lover and could only weep in silence while Destined One is still out cold in the room. I don't mind getting milked another 5 chapters lol, I think I'll definitely bite if they do 3 DLCs with 2 chapters each this part of plot reminds me of Planscape: Torment...good old times So when that crane immortal was talking about turning her into a golden pill and keep her safe what does that mean? Was he even talking about her? Because I don't think she was in the final scene I saw two theories about that. First is that he genuinely tried to save and hide her by turning her into a pill (I think or just the type of an excuse the Wukong himself did with his armor and Yin Tiger), so that monke could save her when he inevitably goes after Celestial Court because it's very unlikely they will just leave him be. Second is far, far more worse. That Crane Immortal essentially took her hostage and is blackmailing monke that if he ever goes against wishes of the Court or decides to make trouble for them, then he will kill her, turn her into cultivation material and is mocking monke that he then should go receive the reward for his "selfishness". Knowing the relationship between the court and Wukong, probably the second one 😭
Damn they wanted 11?! I’m over here at hour 20 and still on chapter 3… Chapter 3 is so long, I love all the different areas in it. THAT mechanic isn't even that bad once you're expecting it and doesn't last that long. i`m at hour 35 and i`m still on chapter 3...
Chapter 3 is so long, I love all the different areas in it. THAT mechanic isn't even that bad once you're expecting it and doesn't last that long.
i`m at hour 35 and i`m still on chapter 3...
How and where did u find this lore and backstory? Journals (anecdotes), dialogues, cutscenes and pattern, so to say. Like with lanterns, they show you it first without any explanation, but later on other lanterns yell that as well after Baije arrives and they explain that is is because he is a groom, so monke also had to be a groom and only Fourth Sister was present there and only she has any indications of being married/bethrothed. This fits with other hints.  It's never just said straight up and it is very subtle. Overall while this game story is coherent and story is well-put together, you have to work it out yourself and put things together because they rarely give you straight explanation. Prior knowledge of Journey to the West, Cultivation themes or Daoism and Buddhism mythos/religions also helps a lot It's much like the Soulsborune games in that regard. A lot of people complain that the games have no lore, no 'story' to them and that nothing is ever explained. In reality, the games do a great deal of storytelling through the environment. You have to look at the enemies, where they are, who they are, what they are wearing, what they drop, and pay attention to every little bit mentioned to piece together what happened and what is happening. A personal favorite of mine is the fate of Ornstein from the first game, which is finally answered in the third. With this game it is similar, but you also need to know quite a bit of the folklore and cultural history to go with those environmental clues. From Chinese social media source, they are all saying the same thing over there. It seems some one leaked it. pulled it from his ass
Journals (anecdotes), dialogues, cutscenes and pattern, so to say. Like with lanterns, they show you it first without any explanation, but later on other lanterns yell that as well after Baije arrives and they explain that is is because he is a groom, so monke also had to be a groom and only Fourth Sister was present there and only she has any indications of being married/bethrothed. This fits with other hints.  It's never just said straight up and it is very subtle. Overall while this game story is coherent and story is well-put together, you have to work it out yourself and put things together because they rarely give you straight explanation. Prior knowledge of Journey to the West, Cultivation themes or Daoism and Buddhism mythos/religions also helps a lot It's much like the Soulsborune games in that regard. A lot of people complain that the games have no lore, no 'story' to them and that nothing is ever explained. In reality, the games do a great deal of storytelling through the environment. You have to look at the enemies, where they are, who they are, what they are wearing, what they drop, and pay attention to every little bit mentioned to piece together what happened and what is happening. A personal favorite of mine is the fate of Ornstein from the first game, which is finally answered in the third. With this game it is similar, but you also need to know quite a bit of the folklore and cultural history to go with those environmental clues.
It's much like the Soulsborune games in that regard. A lot of people complain that the games have no lore, no 'story' to them and that nothing is ever explained. In reality, the games do a great deal of storytelling through the environment. You have to look at the enemies, where they are, who they are, what they are wearing, what they drop, and pay attention to every little bit mentioned to piece together what happened and what is happening. A personal favorite of mine is the fate of Ornstein from the first game, which is finally answered in the third. With this game it is similar, but you also need to know quite a bit of the folklore and cultural history to go with those environmental clues.
From Chinese social media source, they are all saying the same thing over there. It seems some one leaked it.
pulled it from his ass
For the makeup part, the Chinese community said that when she saved our Destined One, she was reminded of her dead lover and could only weep in silence while Destined One is still out cold in the room.
I don't mind getting milked another 5 chapters lol, I think I'll definitely bite if they do 3 DLCs with 2 chapters each
this part of plot reminds me of Planscape: Torment...good old times
So when that crane immortal was talking about turning her into a golden pill and keep her safe what does that mean? Was he even talking about her? Because I don't think she was in the final scene I saw two theories about that. First is that he genuinely tried to save and hide her by turning her into a pill (I think or just the type of an excuse the Wukong himself did with his armor and Yin Tiger), so that monke could save her when he inevitably goes after Celestial Court because it's very unlikely they will just leave him be. Second is far, far more worse. That Crane Immortal essentially took her hostage and is blackmailing monke that if he ever goes against wishes of the Court or decides to make trouble for them, then he will kill her, turn her into cultivation material and is mocking monke that he then should go receive the reward for his "selfishness". Knowing the relationship between the court and Wukong, probably the second one 😭
I saw two theories about that. First is that he genuinely tried to save and hide her by turning her into a pill (I think or just the type of an excuse the Wukong himself did with his armor and Yin Tiger), so that monke could save her when he inevitably goes after Celestial Court because it's very unlikely they will just leave him be. Second is far, far more worse. That Crane Immortal essentially took her hostage and is blackmailing monke that if he ever goes against wishes of the Court or decides to make trouble for them, then he will kill her, turn her into cultivation material and is mocking monke that he then should go receive the reward for his "selfishness". Knowing the relationship between the court and Wukong, probably the second one 😭
Knowing the relationship between the court and Wukong, probably the second one 😭
Because this isn't the first time she met the Destined One, can't go further without spoilers though
The way I understood it, she helped the Destined One because she longed for the outside world and the Destined One was paving the way by removing the talismans that were keeping her and her kind locked inside the spider hollow. That's just my assumption from her dialogue and the cutscenes she's in though. Her achievement is #47, if you read the number 47 in Chinese you will know why. I don't know Chinese, can you explain? It reads "4 is wife" 4=the 4th sister 7= Qi in Mandarin, which is a honophone for wife, Qi in Mandarin? Holy, so many small details that the dev put in the game This is my interpretation: 47 (四十七） reads “sì shí qī”, and it almost sounds like “似是妻”（sì shì qī）, which means “seems like wife” or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister)
Her achievement is #47, if you read the number 47 in Chinese you will know why. I don't know Chinese, can you explain? It reads "4 is wife" 4=the 4th sister 7= Qi in Mandarin, which is a honophone for wife, Qi in Mandarin? Holy, so many small details that the dev put in the game This is my interpretation: 47 (四十七） reads “sì shí qī”, and it almost sounds like “似是妻”（sì shì qī）, which means “seems like wife” or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister)
I don't know Chinese, can you explain? It reads "4 is wife" 4=the 4th sister 7= Qi in Mandarin, which is a honophone for wife, Qi in Mandarin? Holy, so many small details that the dev put in the game This is my interpretation: 47 (四十七） reads “sì shí qī”, and it almost sounds like “似是妻”（sì shì qī）, which means “seems like wife” or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister)
It reads "4 is wife" 4=the 4th sister 7= Qi in Mandarin, which is a honophone for wife, Qi in Mandarin? Holy, so many small details that the dev put in the game This is my interpretation: 47 (四十七） reads “sì shí qī”, and it almost sounds like “似是妻”（sì shì qī）, which means “seems like wife” or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister)
4=the 4th sister 7= Qi in Mandarin, which is a honophone for wife, Qi in Mandarin?
Holy, so many small details that the dev put in the game
This is my interpretation: 47 (四十七） reads “sì shí qī”, and it almost sounds like “似是妻”（sì shì qī）, which means “seems like wife” or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister)
or "Four is Wife" also works (she's the fourth sister)
Because Mmm....monke
Hint: tear mark, hair style and lantern
The destined one that you played is not the first one.
Because she loves Wukong and she sees the shadow of Wukong in the Destined One She wasn't even born when Wukong and his companions encountered her mom and aunties on their journey though, if anything she would only know about him through her words of how much of a monster he was Ok my bad. Some Tik Tok videos that I came accross gave me this impression lol I couldnt find it back. The way she call the Destined One 臭猴子 also gaves me the impression that she knows Wukong https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/comments/1f2mayx/who_is_the_fourth_sister_chapter_4/lkn6swk/ I thought the fox in chapter 5 loved wukong
She wasn't even born when Wukong and his companions encountered her mom and aunties on their journey though, if anything she would only know about him through her words of how much of a monster he was Ok my bad. Some Tik Tok videos that I came accross gave me this impression lol I couldnt find it back. The way she call the Destined One 臭猴子 also gaves me the impression that she knows Wukong https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/comments/1f2mayx/who_is_the_fourth_sister_chapter_4/lkn6swk/
Ok my bad. Some Tik Tok videos that I came accross gave me this impression lol I couldnt find it back. The way she call the Destined One 臭猴子 also gaves me the impression that she knows Wukong https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/comments/1f2mayx/who_is_the_fourth_sister_chapter_4/lkn6swk/
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackMythWukong/comments/1f2mayx/who_is_the_fourth_sister_chapter_4/lkn6swk/
I thought the fox in chapter 5 loved wukong
How long did it take? About 1 hour. Damn that’s kinda fast, did you learn to draw in art school or just natural talent?
About 1 hour. Damn that’s kinda fast, did you learn to draw in art school or just natural talent?
Damn that’s kinda fast, did you learn to draw in art school or just natural talent?
She was very nice. Helping us out of a bind the way she did.  She’s a nice lady.  Also.  This is great work. I want to show my mother this.  She’s an artist. She loves more traditional artwork so no doubt she would love it. She's Wukong's fiance but the destine one has no memory of her.  That's why she help you.
She's Wukong's fiance but the destine one has no memory of her.  That's why she help you.
Great work. You caught the beauty and the stare perfectly. Thanks. All efforts deserve after getting the compliments like you.💕
Thanks. All efforts deserve after getting the compliments like you.💕
It's funny that the snake lady used to be popular since she was the first female char revealed, now she was barely mentioned in the community.
Her voice in English is just so good 😭
Man of culture, I see.
She reminds so much of Emma from sekrio
I had a hunch she was gonna be a significant character, but kinda sad that her side quest ended so abruptly. But with how much lore people found of her backstory, i have high hope she'll make a return in the DLC.
Shame she and her sisters didn't get more screen time. Really felt like there was a lot of missed sidekick potential here.
Chapter 4 is my favorite!
one of the best looking woman in gaming in my opinion. Her design is so clean and good.
everyone loves a goth (chinese) girl
wife
My wife, sucks I had to kill her but she rode the dragon one last time.
Wow this is impressive! I wish i was as good at playing Wukong as you are at drawing.
Downloaded it yesterday gonna dive in soon
I thought there weren’t women in this game? There arent for the journalists who said that because they cant get that far
There arent for the journalists who said that because they cant get that far
Also, damn. This is crazy good
That is insanely well made
Do you mind if I keep a copy?
Dayum that's a good sketch 😍😍
Impressive
When she told me to kneel or feel the thunder clap, and i didn’t get scared just aroused 😅
PINGPING IS ALSO GOOD,
Her fine ahh
She was like in 4m cutscenes in game XD also where did people get that she was wife of previous destined one there is no lore in the game about it It's multiple clues the game gave about her put together to come up with that theory. She goes out of the way to save you twice and is surprisingly benevolent to you for no apparent reason given the hostilities her family has for monkey. The one scene by the cave entrance the marriage lantern trigger for some reason even tho the only ones in the vicinity are her and monkey. The achievement for completing her side quest when read in chinese is the word play for " 4 is wife" or " she is wife" depending on how you choose to pronounce it. The crane immortal at the end of her quest also mention this is not the first time the 2 of you have transgressed upon him and the celestial court but this time he is punishing her as a warning to you.
It's multiple clues the game gave about her put together to come up with that theory. She goes out of the way to save you twice and is surprisingly benevolent to you for no apparent reason given the hostilities her family has for monkey. The one scene by the cave entrance the marriage lantern trigger for some reason even tho the only ones in the vicinity are her and monkey. The achievement for completing her side quest when read in chinese is the word play for " 4 is wife" or " she is wife" depending on how you choose to pronounce it. The crane immortal at the end of her quest also mention this is not the first time the 2 of you have transgressed upon him and the celestial court but this time he is punishing her as a warning to you.
brother, we see her for like 3 short cutscenes and she has 4 lines of dialogue. be honest, shes your favorite female character for the same reason im about to bring out the horny bonk. (good drawing tho). so everything is about horny bonking with you? Clearly, devs and players understand her significance.
so everything is about horny bonking with you? Clearly, devs and players understand her significance.
Not even close tbh
I find it funny how everyone is buying a game made by communists that is possibly stealing thier data like tiktok was heh but anyway apart from that I don't want a sequel
NO YOUR ALL NUTS! ?
Woww !! Where did you learn to draw ?
What I thought this game had no women per IGN. So silly of me. Beautiful drawing!
My dream is to be able to draw artwork like this, great piece op
I’m still at chapter 5 but what did I miss? Sis showed up a few times in chapter four then disappeared. If you did her side quest in chap 4 for before you fight the final boss you will see what happened to her.
If you did her side quest in chap 4 for before you fight the final boss you will see what happened to her.
I thought there were no women in this game and the developers hate them and stuff lol. So silly
She is the only one not taken or mean to you so ofc she is the favourite lol
waifu material
版主已移除评论 Hello u/quantitativeactions , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/quantitativeactions , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I’m going to the heaven court to pluck all the feathers off that chicken！ 🤣
🤣
Glad to receive everyone's appreciation. Although this piece didn't take too long to complete (about an hour), I had actually drawn it several times before. I kept revising and recreating it because I wasn't satisfied with the earlier versions. Regarding my background in art, I've taken some courses at an art training center, and later on, I continued drawing simply because I enjoyed it. I've stuck with it ever since. I'm relatively good at drawing characters, but my skills are quite average. It's my love for this game character that made me willing to spend the time and effort to create this piece.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/DorisJSalisbury , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/DorisJSalisbury , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
is she bleeding
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Frythepuuken 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-03T12:26:41.844000+0000 内容: Tsundere charm working as expected
SPOILER: I wanted to bang the Bull King daughter until I found out it was Redboy
Beautiful work, especially the hair.
What's her name, and who tf is she? Spider,the fourth sister.
Spider,the fourth sister.
Bro you drew this ? Looks sick !
That ain’t Female that’s a damned spider nephilim who wants to eat you for a snack!! She starting with your d*** as the main course!!
