================================================================================  评论列表:
Lmao how do you guys even do this? track me Thats what i want to know! literally came to the comments to know aswell haha Probably unhooked the camera with a special Engine ;) Then practiced walking over there or...... Unreal Engine unlocked <_<Either way, I want to know too, it's so cool. lol Universal Unreal Engine Unlocker (UUU) by Frans Bouma. He uses controller to control unlocked camera and keyboard + mouse to control character, or controller to control character and mouse to control camera They don't have a UE5 compatible Version yet so i think it may be a different program. They have, but it’s not for free ahh, that makes sense if its through their Patrion or something. Yep. I should mention that this program usually uses for in-game photography. There’s a big community of very talented people who makes incredible screenshots of videogames. Google for Hall of Framed, if interested I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol. Yeah. It's been leaked though so it's not as uncommon as one might think. No response yet sadly. I’m also curious
Thats what i want to know! literally came to the comments to know aswell haha Probably unhooked the camera with a special Engine ;) Then practiced walking over there or...... Unreal Engine unlocked <_<Either way, I want to know too, it's so cool. lol
literally came to the comments to know aswell haha Probably unhooked the camera with a special Engine ;) Then practiced walking over there or...... Unreal Engine unlocked <_<Either way, I want to know too, it's so cool. lol
Probably unhooked the camera with a special Engine ;) Then practiced walking over there or...... Unreal Engine unlocked <_<Either way, I want to know too, it's so cool. lol
Universal Unreal Engine Unlocker (UUU) by Frans Bouma. He uses controller to control unlocked camera and keyboard + mouse to control character, or controller to control character and mouse to control camera They don't have a UE5 compatible Version yet so i think it may be a different program. They have, but it’s not for free ahh, that makes sense if its through their Patrion or something. Yep. I should mention that this program usually uses for in-game photography. There’s a big community of very talented people who makes incredible screenshots of videogames. Google for Hall of Framed, if interested I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol. Yeah. It's been leaked though so it's not as uncommon as one might think.
They don't have a UE5 compatible Version yet so i think it may be a different program. They have, but it’s not for free ahh, that makes sense if its through their Patrion or something. Yep. I should mention that this program usually uses for in-game photography. There’s a big community of very talented people who makes incredible screenshots of videogames. Google for Hall of Framed, if interested I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol. Yeah. It's been leaked though so it's not as uncommon as one might think.
They have, but it’s not for free ahh, that makes sense if its through their Patrion or something. Yep. I should mention that this program usually uses for in-game photography. There’s a big community of very talented people who makes incredible screenshots of videogames. Google for Hall of Framed, if interested I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol. Yeah. It's been leaked though so it's not as uncommon as one might think.
ahh, that makes sense if its through their Patrion or something. Yep. I should mention that this program usually uses for in-game photography. There’s a big community of very talented people who makes incredible screenshots of videogames. Google for Hall of Framed, if interested I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol. Yeah. It's been leaked though so it's not as uncommon as one might think.
Yep. I should mention that this program usually uses for in-game photography. There’s a big community of very talented people who makes incredible screenshots of videogames. Google for Hall of Framed, if interested I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol.
I use UE5 and thought someone made a blender animation by ripping game files. That's what some of us did with Helldivers2. Lol Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes
Oh, I know this one. Looks supercool and is a good template for gags and memes
Man I looked this up and the amount of pictures that came up solely for Elden Ring just validated how cinematic that game is lol.
Yeah. It's been leaked though so it's not as uncommon as one might think.
No response yet sadly. I’m also curious
He’s not just any monkey. HE’S THE NG+ MONKEY. And again, only Erlang can solo him. Doesn't matter it's NG+ or NG+++ I read it in Erlang's voice He's not just any monkey. He's a monkey of NG plus. Stay back! Stupid dog!
And again, only Erlang can solo him. Doesn't matter it's NG+ or NG+++
I read it in Erlang's voice He's not just any monkey. He's a monkey of NG plus.
Stay back! Stupid dog!
Oh lord he got the full drip on. Bro has so much aura he just nonchalantly sides steps to avoid them arrows. Imagine firing the first few arrows and seeing your enemy dodge it with such ease. Bro was probably counting towards his death and realised that was the exact moment he fukt up (Morgan Freeman voiced)
Bro has so much aura he just nonchalantly sides steps to avoid them arrows. Imagine firing the first few arrows and seeing your enemy dodge it with such ease. Bro was probably counting towards his death and realised that was the exact moment he fukt up (Morgan Freeman voiced)
Not even a single shot you fired has hit the monkey. Let me show you how to fire. No, that last shot got him on his leg. You can see the arrow sticking out. And in his stomach. Nah I can't see it. Here. Nice I didn't notice that.
No, that last shot got him on his leg. You can see the arrow sticking out. And in his stomach. Nah I can't see it. Here. Nice I didn't notice that.
And in his stomach.
Nah I can't see it. Here. Nice I didn't notice that.
Here. Nice I didn't notice that.
Nice I didn't notice that.
This is the one Yep this is definitely the one, I laughed I knew i was gonna see this vid sooner or later LMFAO
This is the one Yep this is definitely the one, I laughed
Yep this is definitely the one, I laughed
I knew i was gonna see this vid sooner or later LMFAO
Except.. It's not just any monkey. It's a monke of meritsssssss 版主已移除评论 The Victorious Fighting Buddha The Great Sage, Heavens Equal
It's a monke of meritsssssss 版主已移除评论 The Victorious Fighting Buddha
版主已移除评论 The Victorious Fighting Buddha
The Victorious Fighting Buddha
The Great Sage, Heavens Equal
Sure hope you negociated for health insurance 😭 *Life insurance :D Most of them have pretty good life insurance, that's why most of them come back to life when we rest at a shrine, somebody is apparently using a soul banner to intercept the recently dead souls in each area, and revive them before the soul reapers show up to collect them. I'm not sure why the reapers allow it, they probably don't if we consider how often things stay dead. Hope he has his last will and funeral planned out and ready You can be resurrected at the cost of drinking the blood of your own kind. The original Ling Xuzhi could not stand it and commited suicide. That's only for souls that have been dead for a while. In the loading screens it mentions that soul banners are used to revive the recently dead so long as the reapers haven't collected them yet.
*Life insurance :D Most of them have pretty good life insurance, that's why most of them come back to life when we rest at a shrine, somebody is apparently using a soul banner to intercept the recently dead souls in each area, and revive them before the soul reapers show up to collect them. I'm not sure why the reapers allow it, they probably don't if we consider how often things stay dead.
Most of them have pretty good life insurance, that's why most of them come back to life when we rest at a shrine, somebody is apparently using a soul banner to intercept the recently dead souls in each area, and revive them before the soul reapers show up to collect them. I'm not sure why the reapers allow it, they probably don't if we consider how often things stay dead.
Hope he has his last will and funeral planned out and ready
You can be resurrected at the cost of drinking the blood of your own kind. The original Ling Xuzhi could not stand it and commited suicide. That's only for souls that have been dead for a while. In the loading screens it mentions that soul banners are used to revive the recently dead so long as the reapers haven't collected them yet.
That's only for souls that have been dead for a while. In the loading screens it mentions that soul banners are used to revive the recently dead so long as the reapers haven't collected them yet.
Me and bro about to get demolished by a monkey with a glowing red stick
The Archer: UUUUUHM, WHAT KIND OF MONKEY IS THIS?!?!
4 stacks heavy attack for a creep is crazy It's about sending a message plus a immobilize spell
It's about sending a message
plus a immobilize spell
That archer after the bonk.
THAT MONKEY IS BACK! Lmao
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: OperatorWolfie 点赞: 12 时间: 2024-09-15T20:17:25.189000+0000 内容:
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: [已删除] 点赞: 8 时间: 2024-09-15T18:53:39.765000+0000 内容: "You had ONE job!"
Summary: Shots 1-5: Clearly missed. Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control). Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses. Shot 12: Likely didn’t actually fire because you were already dead. One arrow landed XD
One arrow landed XD
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: AnxiousJob723 点赞: 6 时间: 2024-09-15T18:37:58.175000+0000 内容: You ask for life insurance right?
The feeling of relief I experienced at the end here makes me think I should see a therapist. Or at the very least, re-evaluate some things.
Erlang replied: He’s not just any monkey, He’s a monkey of merit. A monkey was made Buddha once.
How did you think you got this position so easily.
Man, this is really one of the best and intelligent videos I have seen for the full year
The camera angle is nuts
Guys, this is why you always ask in any job interview, “what happened to the last guy?”
Lmfaoo
Whats that song? 鸳鸯戏 (0.9X Dj苏天伦版)
鸳鸯戏 (0.9X Dj苏天伦版)
Why is this actually so fucking menacing lol
Wait wait, let me tell you something, let me tell you  something!
Wait wait, let me tell you something, let me tell you  something!
POV: You’re about to get bonked
Gotta love when arrows defy the laws of physics and go incredibly slow
I pray 🙏 your family is well compensated for your workplace accident
Stop monkey...seems easy
The is hilarious also Black Myth: Wukong is an amazing game as I am currently playing through it myself.
Your boss set you up for failure 😂
That’s not just any monkey. That’s a monkey of merit. The victorious fighting Buddha!
Love how you looked up as his staff just got bigger and blessed you with a smack on your head 🤣
LMAO 🤣😂
I felt that bonk
bonk
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
the only thing missing is the monke twirling his staff to block the arrows and advancing forward slowly
Monkey at the end: You, YES YOU! You are dead!
Cue the goldeneye death music.
Monke bully.
Now please understand... that if for any reason that particular monkey just happens to die or simply sit at a shrine somewhere... this archer has to CLOCK IN AND TRY AGAIN.
You can just tell when you see the MC doing a slow, ominous walk that you’re about to witness the most mid video
Good thing youre not the one on the roof
Monke stronk
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💀💀💀🤣🤣🤣💀💀💀💀💀😂
Sounds like a wild first day! If stopping a monkey was tough, try dealing with Wukong in-game. Speaking of which, Wukong GPT on FLock lets you explore his story while scoring some rewards like CDKeys or USDT—might make your day a bit more fun!
i great.
"Wack em"
Did someone go through the effort of cropping out the watermark
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Life_Bridge_9960 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-09-16T08:50:54.899000+0000 内容: You think this game is hard?  Try being on the other side fighting Wukong.
How are y’all doing this?!😭😭
Bro is still hearing Ultra instint soundtrack in the background.
Fighting a literal god on your first day is crazy
That was some fantastic editing for the damn archers.
版主已移除评论 Hello u/That-Hovercraft7414 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/That-Hovercraft7414 , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
