================================================================================  评论列表:
Auto caption have their own headcanon. track me Captions have their own "laws". Straight: Keeps appearing with Aether in trailers Gay: Canonically reads degenerate Raiden x Yae fanfics Asexual: Per Youtube autocaptions . Citlali truly is the sexual orientation of all time her sexual orientation is YES Well yes, but actually no. You've gotta account for asexual too. Her sexual orientation is yesn't Or no'd Perchance Sexual Orientation: Whatever it needs to be in the moment. consider: alloace Bi: Well guess we are forgotten to exist again. *shrug* And in this case would need to be biromantic rather than bisexual to leave room for asexual. Soooo... bisexual asexual? Just like every genshin player My headcannon is just that I'll get C6 characters at zero pity in the first 10 pull Surpisingly similiar to mine One day, our headcannon will come true One day, the RNG gods shall smile upon us As they say, when you don't get what you asked for, be prepared to receive more than you're prepared for Thanks man but i hope they'll bless you first since i joined genshin ony 2 months ago. I pulled for thr first time a week ago on the standard banner and got qiqi at the first 10 pulls, don't know if she is good She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended) Auto Caption is that one of the toxic fan that only saw characters as "pure" lmao
Captions have their own "laws". Straight: Keeps appearing with Aether in trailers Gay: Canonically reads degenerate Raiden x Yae fanfics Asexual: Per Youtube autocaptions . Citlali truly is the sexual orientation of all time her sexual orientation is YES Well yes, but actually no. You've gotta account for asexual too. Her sexual orientation is yesn't Or no'd Perchance Sexual Orientation: Whatever it needs to be in the moment. consider: alloace Bi: Well guess we are forgotten to exist again. *shrug* And in this case would need to be biromantic rather than bisexual to leave room for asexual. Soooo... bisexual asexual?
Straight: Keeps appearing with Aether in trailers Gay: Canonically reads degenerate Raiden x Yae fanfics Asexual: Per Youtube autocaptions . Citlali truly is the sexual orientation of all time her sexual orientation is YES Well yes, but actually no. You've gotta account for asexual too. Her sexual orientation is yesn't Or no'd Perchance Sexual Orientation: Whatever it needs to be in the moment. consider: alloace Bi: Well guess we are forgotten to exist again. *shrug* And in this case would need to be biromantic rather than bisexual to leave room for asexual. Soooo... bisexual asexual?
her sexual orientation is YES Well yes, but actually no. You've gotta account for asexual too. Her sexual orientation is yesn't Or no'd Perchance Sexual Orientation: Whatever it needs to be in the moment.
Well yes, but actually no. You've gotta account for asexual too. Her sexual orientation is yesn't Or no'd Perchance
Her sexual orientation is yesn't Or no'd Perchance
Or no'd Perchance
Perchance
Sexual Orientation: Whatever it needs to be in the moment.
consider: alloace
Bi: Well guess we are forgotten to exist again. *shrug* And in this case would need to be biromantic rather than bisexual to leave room for asexual.
And in this case would need to be biromantic rather than bisexual to leave room for asexual.
Soooo... bisexual asexual?
Just like every genshin player My headcannon is just that I'll get C6 characters at zero pity in the first 10 pull Surpisingly similiar to mine One day, our headcannon will come true One day, the RNG gods shall smile upon us As they say, when you don't get what you asked for, be prepared to receive more than you're prepared for Thanks man but i hope they'll bless you first since i joined genshin ony 2 months ago. I pulled for thr first time a week ago on the standard banner and got qiqi at the first 10 pulls, don't know if she is good She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
My headcannon is just that I'll get C6 characters at zero pity in the first 10 pull Surpisingly similiar to mine One day, our headcannon will come true One day, the RNG gods shall smile upon us As they say, when you don't get what you asked for, be prepared to receive more than you're prepared for Thanks man but i hope they'll bless you first since i joined genshin ony 2 months ago. I pulled for thr first time a week ago on the standard banner and got qiqi at the first 10 pulls, don't know if she is good She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
Surpisingly similiar to mine One day, our headcannon will come true One day, the RNG gods shall smile upon us As they say, when you don't get what you asked for, be prepared to receive more than you're prepared for Thanks man but i hope they'll bless you first since i joined genshin ony 2 months ago. I pulled for thr first time a week ago on the standard banner and got qiqi at the first 10 pulls, don't know if she is good She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
One day, our headcannon will come true One day, the RNG gods shall smile upon us As they say, when you don't get what you asked for, be prepared to receive more than you're prepared for Thanks man but i hope they'll bless you first since i joined genshin ony 2 months ago. I pulled for thr first time a week ago on the standard banner and got qiqi at the first 10 pulls, don't know if she is good She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
Thanks man but i hope they'll bless you first since i joined genshin ony 2 months ago. I pulled for thr first time a week ago on the standard banner and got qiqi at the first 10 pulls, don't know if she is good She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
She is there, ig. I have a couple of friends who main Qiqi, but they do say they did have to grind more for her artifacts. But once she has the proper ones, she's cool, Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
Okay thanks i'll keep that in mind Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
Yess suree. I main Xiangling, so I can't tell you anything about it lmao I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
I use xiangling too not as a main tought. You'll prob have her at lvl 90, i have her on lvl 40 (ascended)
Auto Caption is that one of the toxic fan that only saw characters as "pure" lmao
Misinformation successfuly spread, now more than half of the comments believe this Laughs in Egnimata This post was fact checked by true Enigmata followers -True! 👍 even if this was real, I believe in asexual but not aromantic Citlali her expressions in the event is kinda peak it’s in keeping with the Frieren vibes in that elves are so rare because they hardly reproduce, but Frieren definitely has a romantic thing for Himmel real! Damn I cannot post the pic
Laughs in Egnimata This post was fact checked by true Enigmata followers -True! 👍
This post was fact checked by true Enigmata followers -True! 👍
-True! 👍
even if this was real, I believe in asexual but not aromantic Citlali her expressions in the event is kinda peak it’s in keeping with the Frieren vibes in that elves are so rare because they hardly reproduce, but Frieren definitely has a romantic thing for Himmel real!
it’s in keeping with the Frieren vibes in that elves are so rare because they hardly reproduce, but Frieren definitely has a romantic thing for Himmel real!
real!
Damn I cannot post the pic
It's a mistranslation too. The original talks about her maturing emotionally and accepting her reputation. No idea why youtube translated it like that. It grabbed the 性(sei) from 必要性(hitsuyosei) and probably misheard it into 性欲(seiyoku)(sexual desire) cause Tsuda's voice is just that sexy. That plus 感じていない(kanjiteinai)(doesn't feel) leading into said mistranslation. Tsuda's voice is so smexy, it even manages to hornify google Man Isn't the translation based off the human made captions if they're added? 必要性は感じていない doesn't have any よく in it so I am so confused on how it came to that Yeah I don't know how YouTube auto translate works. I tried putting the whole line on both DeepL and Google Translate シトラリは「人付き合いの悪い恐ろしい人物」という評価を訂正する必要性は感じていない but never got sexual attraction on either. So I can only assume YouTube translate works off of just audio.
It grabbed the 性(sei) from 必要性(hitsuyosei) and probably misheard it into 性欲(seiyoku)(sexual desire) cause Tsuda's voice is just that sexy. That plus 感じていない(kanjiteinai)(doesn't feel) leading into said mistranslation. Tsuda's voice is so smexy, it even manages to hornify google Man Isn't the translation based off the human made captions if they're added? 必要性は感じていない doesn't have any よく in it so I am so confused on how it came to that Yeah I don't know how YouTube auto translate works. I tried putting the whole line on both DeepL and Google Translate シトラリは「人付き合いの悪い恐ろしい人物」という評価を訂正する必要性は感じていない but never got sexual attraction on either. So I can only assume YouTube translate works off of just audio.
Tsuda's voice is so smexy, it even manages to hornify google Man
Man
Isn't the translation based off the human made captions if they're added? 必要性は感じていない doesn't have any よく in it so I am so confused on how it came to that Yeah I don't know how YouTube auto translate works. I tried putting the whole line on both DeepL and Google Translate シトラリは「人付き合いの悪い恐ろしい人物」という評価を訂正する必要性は感じていない but never got sexual attraction on either. So I can only assume YouTube translate works off of just audio.
Yeah I don't know how YouTube auto translate works. I tried putting the whole line on both DeepL and Google Translate シトラリは「人付き合いの悪い恐ろしい人物」という評価を訂正する必要性は感じていない but never got sexual attraction on either. So I can only assume YouTube translate works off of just audio.
Never use auto captions, people. My favorite autocaption moment was a FFXIV trailer with the line "what have you done to Australia?" Considering there IS a region in the game we haven't traveled to yet that is an analog of Australia it fed some fun discussions on the subreddit. what have you done to Australia? Travelled in a fried-out Kombi On a hippie trail, head full of zombie I mean, it's a valid question if it is directed at the Allagans 😂
My favorite autocaption moment was a FFXIV trailer with the line "what have you done to Australia?" Considering there IS a region in the game we haven't traveled to yet that is an analog of Australia it fed some fun discussions on the subreddit. what have you done to Australia? Travelled in a fried-out Kombi On a hippie trail, head full of zombie I mean, it's a valid question if it is directed at the Allagans 😂
what have you done to Australia? Travelled in a fried-out Kombi On a hippie trail, head full of zombie
I mean, it's a valid question if it is directed at the Allagans 😂
Even YouTube is outbuddying the genshin okbuddy sub. Just shut the sub down at this point lmao. Is this non technically anti-buddying? Asexuality is having no sexual attraction lol Tbf, genshin’s buddy sub is a low bar. It’s as normie as it gets there.
Is this non technically anti-buddying? Asexuality is having no sexual attraction lol
Tbf, genshin’s buddy sub is a low bar. It’s as normie as it gets there.
Biromantic asexual queen YESSSSSSS QUEEN
YESSSSSSS QUEEN
this will feed a lot of headcanons ( ͡👁 ͜ʖ ͡👁)
Ace queen with the bi color palette. Never let them know your next move. I’m surprised that most of the comments here seem to know what asexuality is, and more surprising, aren’t disregarding it (as a general concept; obviously the text in the auto caption isn’t canon). Aces tend to be more of a quiet minority, to be honest, so there's always more in communities than you'd expect. Remember to check your closets for stray asexuals. (as for me... my banner should give it away) No need to check my closet, I already found myself about five/six years ago. Ironically enough, it was because of playing a dating sim; one of the main characters realized that she was asexual after hearing about the misconceptions most have about asexuality. Very similar case for me, I learned about the misconceptions about asexuality and was like “Wait a minute..” It was so obvious looking back.. Same here. I didn't even know asexuality was a thing, it was just a video that popped on my feed. I went from "wait this is interesting" to "wait this is an identity crisis" pretty quick. The rest is history and I'm way more comfortable being a person now. Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"? Latest surveys say nearly 2% of Americans identify as asexual, which is double what it was three years ago thanks to Hollywood and comics starting to get a little bit of ace rep increasing awareness. Most of us just aren't out of the closet, so you rarely notice any IRL. Their was a fairly recent survey on the demographics of this sub, and I was surprised to see that (out of those who responded) their were more people who identified as asexual than there were gay men or lesbian. I mean Genshin already has a lot of queer fans and its far share of queer coding so it’s not crazy to think that there’s a good number of people who understand what asexuality is. True, but the Genshin fandom is so massive that a fair share of any particular group—accepting or not—would exist here. Plus, even people who feel accepting or lukewarm towards the LGBT community often don’t offer the same respect to the asexual part of the group (trans too, but that’s more because anti-trans discourse has skyrocketed in the last few years, whereas asexuality is mostly just invisible). Also reads trash isekai and Miko's yuri fanfics, just like me fr. Oh no they made a relatable character, I might have to pull.
I’m surprised that most of the comments here seem to know what asexuality is, and more surprising, aren’t disregarding it (as a general concept; obviously the text in the auto caption isn’t canon). Aces tend to be more of a quiet minority, to be honest, so there's always more in communities than you'd expect. Remember to check your closets for stray asexuals. (as for me... my banner should give it away) No need to check my closet, I already found myself about five/six years ago. Ironically enough, it was because of playing a dating sim; one of the main characters realized that she was asexual after hearing about the misconceptions most have about asexuality. Very similar case for me, I learned about the misconceptions about asexuality and was like “Wait a minute..” It was so obvious looking back.. Same here. I didn't even know asexuality was a thing, it was just a video that popped on my feed. I went from "wait this is interesting" to "wait this is an identity crisis" pretty quick. The rest is history and I'm way more comfortable being a person now. Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"? Latest surveys say nearly 2% of Americans identify as asexual, which is double what it was three years ago thanks to Hollywood and comics starting to get a little bit of ace rep increasing awareness. Most of us just aren't out of the closet, so you rarely notice any IRL. Their was a fairly recent survey on the demographics of this sub, and I was surprised to see that (out of those who responded) their were more people who identified as asexual than there were gay men or lesbian. I mean Genshin already has a lot of queer fans and its far share of queer coding so it’s not crazy to think that there’s a good number of people who understand what asexuality is. True, but the Genshin fandom is so massive that a fair share of any particular group—accepting or not—would exist here. Plus, even people who feel accepting or lukewarm towards the LGBT community often don’t offer the same respect to the asexual part of the group (trans too, but that’s more because anti-trans discourse has skyrocketed in the last few years, whereas asexuality is mostly just invisible).
Aces tend to be more of a quiet minority, to be honest, so there's always more in communities than you'd expect. Remember to check your closets for stray asexuals. (as for me... my banner should give it away) No need to check my closet, I already found myself about five/six years ago. Ironically enough, it was because of playing a dating sim; one of the main characters realized that she was asexual after hearing about the misconceptions most have about asexuality. Very similar case for me, I learned about the misconceptions about asexuality and was like “Wait a minute..” It was so obvious looking back.. Same here. I didn't even know asexuality was a thing, it was just a video that popped on my feed. I went from "wait this is interesting" to "wait this is an identity crisis" pretty quick. The rest is history and I'm way more comfortable being a person now. Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"?
No need to check my closet, I already found myself about five/six years ago. Ironically enough, it was because of playing a dating sim; one of the main characters realized that she was asexual after hearing about the misconceptions most have about asexuality. Very similar case for me, I learned about the misconceptions about asexuality and was like “Wait a minute..” It was so obvious looking back.. Same here. I didn't even know asexuality was a thing, it was just a video that popped on my feed. I went from "wait this is interesting" to "wait this is an identity crisis" pretty quick. The rest is history and I'm way more comfortable being a person now. Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"?
Very similar case for me, I learned about the misconceptions about asexuality and was like “Wait a minute..” It was so obvious looking back.. Same here. I didn't even know asexuality was a thing, it was just a video that popped on my feed. I went from "wait this is interesting" to "wait this is an identity crisis" pretty quick. The rest is history and I'm way more comfortable being a person now. Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"?
Same here. I didn't even know asexuality was a thing, it was just a video that popped on my feed. I went from "wait this is interesting" to "wait this is an identity crisis" pretty quick. The rest is history and I'm way more comfortable being a person now. Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"?
Jaiden Animation's "Being Not Straight"?
Latest surveys say nearly 2% of Americans identify as asexual, which is double what it was three years ago thanks to Hollywood and comics starting to get a little bit of ace rep increasing awareness. Most of us just aren't out of the closet, so you rarely notice any IRL.
Their was a fairly recent survey on the demographics of this sub, and I was surprised to see that (out of those who responded) their were more people who identified as asexual than there were gay men or lesbian.
I mean Genshin already has a lot of queer fans and its far share of queer coding so it’s not crazy to think that there’s a good number of people who understand what asexuality is. True, but the Genshin fandom is so massive that a fair share of any particular group—accepting or not—would exist here. Plus, even people who feel accepting or lukewarm towards the LGBT community often don’t offer the same respect to the asexual part of the group (trans too, but that’s more because anti-trans discourse has skyrocketed in the last few years, whereas asexuality is mostly just invisible).
True, but the Genshin fandom is so massive that a fair share of any particular group—accepting or not—would exist here. Plus, even people who feel accepting or lukewarm towards the LGBT community often don’t offer the same respect to the asexual part of the group (trans too, but that’s more because anti-trans discourse has skyrocketed in the last few years, whereas asexuality is mostly just invisible).
Also reads trash isekai and Miko's yuri fanfics, just like me fr. Oh no they made a relatable character, I might have to pull.
Oh no they made a relatable character, I might have to pull.
Ace queen
Incoming "English localization butchered the translation" controversy with this screenshot as basis.
Genshin's First asexual queen 👸
she's just like me fr
We love an Asexual Queen
Asexual Citlali after making her seem to be in love with the traveler, never let them know your next move She can be asexual but not aromantic. And I mean... I'm thanking youtube for that headcannon hehe Asexuality doesn't work that way You can, it would just mean you experience romantic attraction or the desire for romance while not experiencing sexual attraction (or an aversion to sex altogether) Wait are you responding to me or the other person because I'm asexual and I don't get how this contradicts what I said I think your talking about aromantic (doesnt feel romantic connection to people) witch is different than asexual (no sexual attraction) Shoot misclick on my part You can be asexual and in love with someone, those 2 don't cancel each other out.
She can be asexual but not aromantic. And I mean... I'm thanking youtube for that headcannon hehe
Asexuality doesn't work that way You can, it would just mean you experience romantic attraction or the desire for romance while not experiencing sexual attraction (or an aversion to sex altogether) Wait are you responding to me or the other person because I'm asexual and I don't get how this contradicts what I said I think your talking about aromantic (doesnt feel romantic connection to people) witch is different than asexual (no sexual attraction) Shoot misclick on my part
You can, it would just mean you experience romantic attraction or the desire for romance while not experiencing sexual attraction (or an aversion to sex altogether) Wait are you responding to me or the other person because I'm asexual and I don't get how this contradicts what I said I think your talking about aromantic (doesnt feel romantic connection to people) witch is different than asexual (no sexual attraction) Shoot misclick on my part
Wait are you responding to me or the other person because I'm asexual and I don't get how this contradicts what I said I think your talking about aromantic (doesnt feel romantic connection to people) witch is different than asexual (no sexual attraction) Shoot misclick on my part
I think your talking about aromantic (doesnt feel romantic connection to people) witch is different than asexual (no sexual attraction)
Shoot misclick on my part
You can be asexual and in love with someone, those 2 don't cancel each other out.
Ace queen
I never saw this on my translations
Good for her
Asexual citlali canon????
ALRIGHTY THEN ! Ace-ccidental rep ! (I made a bad pun, and poorly executed it)
ace icon
Aro ace Citlali is ny new head canon
That's some hilarious captioning, that I will now adopt as a headcanon because it's funny and also it'd be neat for some asexual hcs
they added a fun fact 😭
That wasn't what my YouTube caption said.
Ace Citlali headcanon accepted.
Wheezing harder than Neuvillette here
Misinformation successfully spread.
Oh boy here we go again. Why do you sound so pressed over automatically generated YouTube subtitles lol They don't. Maybe they're not eager to have idiots actually believe this and argue nonsense? I'm not I just think it is stupid to begin with. And seeing your other replies, you're proving the point. Then why did you feel the need to post a comment that makes you sound like an apathetic video game villain? You’re being so intentionally vague lmao What’s stupid? Automatically generated YouTube subtitles? You’re hating on a robot lol And please tell me what my other replies are proving. I am SO curious to see your response
Why do you sound so pressed over automatically generated YouTube subtitles lol They don't. Maybe they're not eager to have idiots actually believe this and argue nonsense? I'm not I just think it is stupid to begin with. And seeing your other replies, you're proving the point. Then why did you feel the need to post a comment that makes you sound like an apathetic video game villain? You’re being so intentionally vague lmao What’s stupid? Automatically generated YouTube subtitles? You’re hating on a robot lol And please tell me what my other replies are proving. I am SO curious to see your response
They don't. Maybe they're not eager to have idiots actually believe this and argue nonsense?
I'm not I just think it is stupid to begin with. And seeing your other replies, you're proving the point. Then why did you feel the need to post a comment that makes you sound like an apathetic video game villain? You’re being so intentionally vague lmao What’s stupid? Automatically generated YouTube subtitles? You’re hating on a robot lol And please tell me what my other replies are proving. I am SO curious to see your response
Then why did you feel the need to post a comment that makes you sound like an apathetic video game villain? You’re being so intentionally vague lmao What’s stupid? Automatically generated YouTube subtitles? You’re hating on a robot lol And please tell me what my other replies are proving. I am SO curious to see your response
Finally. Roace.
me and citlali epic handshake meme
Sure New HaedCanon to make The Weebs Mad
Wait, mother? Grandmother
Grandmother
good to know
Asexual Citlali or Youtube is trying to be like twitter and TikTok?
Twitter's auto captions dropped an F-slur during the Burnice music video 💀 Some drinks? Some snacks? Or a little F-bomb/?!
Some drinks? Some snacks? Or a little F-bomb/?!
YouTube doing Twitter's job for them
用户已删除评论 So many words yet so little sense
So many words yet so little sense
用户已删除评论 Well it didn't say she's aromantic*
Well it didn't say she's aromantic*
True spoken fan service
We went over this yesterday. Don't bring them back again.
Manically reads yuri manga Not horny Nice try YouTube Shoujo I love reading love stories, especially queer pairings, and I'm not sexually attracted to anybody. It definitely does check out.
Shoujo
I love reading love stories, especially queer pairings, and I'm not sexually attracted to anybody. It definitely does check out.
It's over granny bros...
i can fix her I can fix her too. And by fix her, I mean arm her so she can deal with creeps like you.
I can fix her too. And by fix her, I mean arm her so she can deal with creeps like you.
Twitter minors gonna love this lol But not in a sexual way of course
