"Babe, ask you something: You nervous kissing with me?" "Not really." "So when are guys the most nervous then?" ================================================================================  评论列表:
The true fun begins track me Phase 2 begins... When phase 3 begins... "This is where the fun begins" Anakin
Phase 2 begins... When phase 3 begins...
When phase 3 begins...
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: belungar 点赞: 5 时间: 2024-09-03T12:26:19.003000+0000 内容: "This is where the fun begins" Anakin
Dying when you get a really difficult boss down to one final hit, has to be one of the worst things we can experience as human beings lol. Right up there with stepping on legos and Youtube comments. Had that happen to me yesterday with the Yaksha King boss. I never destroyed anything because of a game, but that shi made me slap the desk a little lol. BUT…when you get that last hit in and your health is all but gone, no gourds left…is unbeatable My experience form souls games is that you just have to keep playing the exact same as if you had a full health bar all the time so you don’t tense up and choke. Also Iv been trying to wait out the hype cause Iv been burned by a lot of games on release is this game worth getting as someone who is obsessed with souls/ punishing combat ? If you are an edge lord for pain in souls games I implore you to get Wukong immediately. This is what you should do however I just go full aggro every time That's the one thing I like about FromSoft games. At least a third of the bosses I beat in Elden Ring I beat by dying at the same time as them 😅 This happened with me and Scorpion lord like 3x…. One time he barely had a sliver where I knew a single light attack would defeat him.   Then I got stabbed. Jin Loong just now i charged heavy and a split second too late we hit same time but i died he respawned 用户已删除评论 I was literally in this situation, can't remember if it was the tiger. But I hit like 4 perfect dodges in a row before finishing with a lvl 2 smash. Since then I r*pe bosses..The original monkey instinct
Had that happen to me yesterday with the Yaksha King boss. I never destroyed anything because of a game, but that shi made me slap the desk a little lol.
BUT…when you get that last hit in and your health is all but gone, no gourds left…is unbeatable
My experience form souls games is that you just have to keep playing the exact same as if you had a full health bar all the time so you don’t tense up and choke. Also Iv been trying to wait out the hype cause Iv been burned by a lot of games on release is this game worth getting as someone who is obsessed with souls/ punishing combat ? If you are an edge lord for pain in souls games I implore you to get Wukong immediately. This is what you should do however I just go full aggro every time
If you are an edge lord for pain in souls games I implore you to get Wukong immediately.
This is what you should do however I just go full aggro every time
That's the one thing I like about FromSoft games. At least a third of the bosses I beat in Elden Ring I beat by dying at the same time as them 😅
This happened with me and Scorpion lord like 3x…. One time he barely had a sliver where I knew a single light attack would defeat him.   Then I got stabbed.
Jin Loong just now i charged heavy and a split second too late we hit same time but i died he respawned 用户已删除评论
用户已删除评论
I was literally in this situation, can't remember if it was the tiger. But I hit like 4 perfect dodges in a row before finishing with a lvl 2 smash. Since then I r*pe bosses..The original monkey instinct
This is also the most emotional Triumph/Defeat. I spent 3 days on Black Loong. In the final fight, my health and mana were gone while I stood on the only rock he hadn't destroyed and waited for his rhythm pounding to end. I took a deep breath and perfect dodged every move he made at me until the final bonk took him out. I sprung up and made so many monkey noises 🐒 Wait you can skip the electric rings by standing on top of a rock? Well damn. I defeated Black Loong by jumping around like a monkey and now I feel like one. 🐵 You can also just dodge back and forth, you might take a hit or two out of the total. I did that fight in 3 tries, seems to be the kind of average amount of attempts per boss. Yeah I was dodging left and right according to sound, kinda like playing a rhythm game. I think I managed to kill it in 4 tries but now that I know I can just stand on top of a rock I feel like a monke 🐵 We all monke 🐒 no i envy your rymthm skills. i always die on the ring. stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece I used the jump, jump, jump, roll, jump technique for zero hits. dodge dodge jump, repeat 3 try’s per boss 😳 u must be really good fair play I was on Yellow Wind Bitch for 50 deaths got him on the 51st lol toughest boss so far for me haha black myth’s bosses are definitely like Bloodborne difficulty and Dark Souls tough fucking game guys haha but love it 10/10 for me just hit chapter 4 after 32 hours what a game 👌😃🔥😀 Yeah!! I havent experienced the fun/rush of it because of the spoilers i saw in facebook pages, i thought im gonna wipe out like 10 times. But there I am, standing on a rock looking at him banging the ground waiting like a destined one 😂😂 It’s the last one. Yellow Loong for me. I beat the yellow wind Sage and ran my wife’s and said “fuck that rat!” Goddamn it you can stand on the rock??? 😭😭😭 It took me 4 deaths before I saw a rock break and realized I could use them🤦🏻 Not that I struggled too much in the fights, but I was making hella monkey noises every time I fought the macaque chief 🙊 Ngl.... 3 days is INSANE😭. I feel better than I probably am. I haven't cheered like that in gaming in a couple of decades.
I spent 3 days on Black Loong. In the final fight, my health and mana were gone while I stood on the only rock he hadn't destroyed and waited for his rhythm pounding to end. I took a deep breath and perfect dodged every move he made at me until the final bonk took him out. I sprung up and made so many monkey noises 🐒 Wait you can skip the electric rings by standing on top of a rock? Well damn. I defeated Black Loong by jumping around like a monkey and now I feel like one. 🐵 You can also just dodge back and forth, you might take a hit or two out of the total. I did that fight in 3 tries, seems to be the kind of average amount of attempts per boss. Yeah I was dodging left and right according to sound, kinda like playing a rhythm game. I think I managed to kill it in 4 tries but now that I know I can just stand on top of a rock I feel like a monke 🐵 We all monke 🐒 no i envy your rymthm skills. i always die on the ring. stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece I used the jump, jump, jump, roll, jump technique for zero hits. dodge dodge jump, repeat 3 try’s per boss 😳 u must be really good fair play I was on Yellow Wind Bitch for 50 deaths got him on the 51st lol toughest boss so far for me haha black myth’s bosses are definitely like Bloodborne difficulty and Dark Souls tough fucking game guys haha but love it 10/10 for me just hit chapter 4 after 32 hours what a game 👌😃🔥😀 Yeah!! I havent experienced the fun/rush of it because of the spoilers i saw in facebook pages, i thought im gonna wipe out like 10 times. But there I am, standing on a rock looking at him banging the ground waiting like a destined one 😂😂 It’s the last one. Yellow Loong for me. I beat the yellow wind Sage and ran my wife’s and said “fuck that rat!” Goddamn it you can stand on the rock??? 😭😭😭 It took me 4 deaths before I saw a rock break and realized I could use them🤦🏻 Not that I struggled too much in the fights, but I was making hella monkey noises every time I fought the macaque chief 🙊 Ngl.... 3 days is INSANE😭. I feel better than I probably am.
Wait you can skip the electric rings by standing on top of a rock? Well damn. I defeated Black Loong by jumping around like a monkey and now I feel like one. 🐵 You can also just dodge back and forth, you might take a hit or two out of the total. I did that fight in 3 tries, seems to be the kind of average amount of attempts per boss. Yeah I was dodging left and right according to sound, kinda like playing a rhythm game. I think I managed to kill it in 4 tries but now that I know I can just stand on top of a rock I feel like a monke 🐵 We all monke 🐒 no i envy your rymthm skills. i always die on the ring. stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece I used the jump, jump, jump, roll, jump technique for zero hits. dodge dodge jump, repeat 3 try’s per boss 😳 u must be really good fair play I was on Yellow Wind Bitch for 50 deaths got him on the 51st lol toughest boss so far for me haha black myth’s bosses are definitely like Bloodborne difficulty and Dark Souls tough fucking game guys haha but love it 10/10 for me just hit chapter 4 after 32 hours what a game 👌😃🔥😀 Yeah!! I havent experienced the fun/rush of it because of the spoilers i saw in facebook pages, i thought im gonna wipe out like 10 times. But there I am, standing on a rock looking at him banging the ground waiting like a destined one 😂😂
You can also just dodge back and forth, you might take a hit or two out of the total. I did that fight in 3 tries, seems to be the kind of average amount of attempts per boss. Yeah I was dodging left and right according to sound, kinda like playing a rhythm game. I think I managed to kill it in 4 tries but now that I know I can just stand on top of a rock I feel like a monke 🐵 We all monke 🐒 no i envy your rymthm skills. i always die on the ring. stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece I used the jump, jump, jump, roll, jump technique for zero hits. dodge dodge jump, repeat 3 try’s per boss 😳 u must be really good fair play I was on Yellow Wind Bitch for 50 deaths got him on the 51st lol toughest boss so far for me haha black myth’s bosses are definitely like Bloodborne difficulty and Dark Souls tough fucking game guys haha but love it 10/10 for me just hit chapter 4 after 32 hours what a game 👌😃🔥😀
Yeah I was dodging left and right according to sound, kinda like playing a rhythm game. I think I managed to kill it in 4 tries but now that I know I can just stand on top of a rock I feel like a monke 🐵 We all monke 🐒 no i envy your rymthm skills. i always die on the ring. stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece
We all monke 🐒
no i envy your rymthm skills. i always die on the ring. stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece
stay away from rocks when you fight cz they breakable, when he pounds, jump on it, easy piece
I used the jump, jump, jump, roll, jump technique for zero hits.
dodge dodge jump, repeat
3 try’s per boss 😳 u must be really good fair play I was on Yellow Wind Bitch for 50 deaths got him on the 51st lol toughest boss so far for me haha black myth’s bosses are definitely like Bloodborne difficulty and Dark Souls tough fucking game guys haha but love it 10/10 for me just hit chapter 4 after 32 hours what a game 👌😃🔥😀
Yeah!! I havent experienced the fun/rush of it because of the spoilers i saw in facebook pages, i thought im gonna wipe out like 10 times. But there I am, standing on a rock looking at him banging the ground waiting like a destined one 😂😂
It’s the last one. Yellow Loong for me.
I beat the yellow wind Sage and ran my wife’s and said “fuck that rat!”
Goddamn it you can stand on the rock??? 😭😭😭
It took me 4 deaths before I saw a rock break and realized I could use them🤦🏻
Not that I struggled too much in the fights, but I was making hella monkey noises every time I fought the macaque chief 🙊
Ngl.... 3 days is INSANE😭. I feel better than I probably am.
I haven't cheered like that in gaming in a couple of decades.
“Save me guangzhi” moment Guangzhi only 80% filled up LOL Cloud step is ready. Time to assasinate the cat. looks like he hasn’t got enough mana😂 It would be grayed out if he didn't That’s where pills come in my boy! Fucking forgot I had those! He is the real mvp fr
Guangzhi only 80% filled up LOL Cloud step is ready. Time to assasinate the cat. looks like he hasn’t got enough mana😂 It would be grayed out if he didn't That’s where pills come in my boy! Fucking forgot I had those!
Cloud step is ready. Time to assasinate the cat. looks like he hasn’t got enough mana😂 It would be grayed out if he didn't
looks like he hasn’t got enough mana😂 It would be grayed out if he didn't
It would be grayed out if he didn't
That’s where pills come in my boy! Fucking forgot I had those!
Fucking forgot I had those!
He is the real mvp fr
Bruh i seriously had more than one boss fight in this state and I was sweating buckets. Just beat white loomg yesterday and was almost going to give up but somehow I had 1hp left and due to divine intervention I had perfect dodges and I just needed 2 more hits. And I defeated. That felt truly satisfying I don’t think I’ve beaten a single boss without being one tap away from death. It’s exhilarating! I actually felt like I beat half of boss in the game with a sliver of health and no mana left. It happened so frequently I was even suspecting the game actually lowers the difficulty when player health is low. But it's likely just coincidence.
I don’t think I’ve beaten a single boss without being one tap away from death. It’s exhilarating!
I actually felt like I beat half of boss in the game with a sliver of health and no mana left. It happened so frequently I was even suspecting the game actually lowers the difficulty when player health is low. But it's likely just coincidence.
Thrust stance and pray 😂
Then dying due to typing.
版主已移除评论 Did the boss count or did it spawned back? XD When it happened to me vs the wolf boss in chapter 1 the boss stayed dead. Same happened to me with the scorpion king, since he died first I guess the let me win
Did the boss count or did it spawned back? XD When it happened to me vs the wolf boss in chapter 1 the boss stayed dead.
When it happened to me vs the wolf boss in chapter 1 the boss stayed dead.
Same happened to me with the scorpion king, since he died first I guess the let me win
Me: B***h, Whoever gets the first hit wins, and the other one dies. But guess what? I’ve got the upper hand. "CLOUDSTEP" is back, baby. I've got this! I seriously slept on cloud step for the first couple chapters until I realized OH it’s actually goated It's sooooooooo versatile! I initially thought I'd use Stone Body more, then I realized Cloud Step fit my playstyle A LOT better.
I seriously slept on cloud step for the first couple chapters until I realized OH it’s actually goated It's sooooooooo versatile! I initially thought I'd use Stone Body more, then I realized Cloud Step fit my playstyle A LOT better.
It's sooooooooo versatile! I initially thought I'd use Stone Body more, then I realized Cloud Step fit my playstyle A LOT better.
Jump light attack Jump Light Attack JUMP LIGHT ATTACK The same goes with jump heavy if you need a bit more damage. This has literally clutched my ass in so many fights. Heavy is quite risky for me, like if the heavy attack didnt do enough damage , there's quite a long animation window compare to light where you will get back to safe distance (which the boss still can get u with a single dash Then you miss judge the range and land right in front of the boss, While trying to panic roll, the boss slaps your ass. Nah bro why u have a camera in my room
The same goes with jump heavy if you need a bit more damage. This has literally clutched my ass in so many fights. Heavy is quite risky for me, like if the heavy attack didnt do enough damage , there's quite a long animation window compare to light where you will get back to safe distance (which the boss still can get u with a single dash
Heavy is quite risky for me, like if the heavy attack didnt do enough damage , there's quite a long animation window compare to light where you will get back to safe distance (which the boss still can get u with a single dash
Then you miss judge the range and land right in front of the boss, While trying to panic roll, the boss slaps your ass. Nah bro why u have a camera in my room
Nah bro why u have a camera in my room
Charged pillar or thrust stance saved my life a few times I love how abusive charged thrust stance can be. Cancel enemy attacks, or finish them off quickly. Haha I love it man. Just knock the shit out of them from like 20 feet away The only one I use. The first one is too slow and misses all the time. I may respect and remove sparks from the first one. I want to use all of the stances, but thrust is just perfect. Pillar just seems situational to me, and Smash, like you said, is annoying to connect onto an enemy. And I keep using Smash stance...gotta experiment Thrust now Thrust stance has a skill when you unlock it allows you to jump back during combo and thrust in fairly quick succession. I use that quite often to dodge enemy attacks then gift them the massive stick in their face.
I love how abusive charged thrust stance can be. Cancel enemy attacks, or finish them off quickly. Haha I love it man. Just knock the shit out of them from like 20 feet away The only one I use. The first one is too slow and misses all the time. I may respect and remove sparks from the first one. I want to use all of the stances, but thrust is just perfect. Pillar just seems situational to me, and Smash, like you said, is annoying to connect onto an enemy.
Haha I love it man. Just knock the shit out of them from like 20 feet away
The only one I use. The first one is too slow and misses all the time. I may respect and remove sparks from the first one. I want to use all of the stances, but thrust is just perfect. Pillar just seems situational to me, and Smash, like you said, is annoying to connect onto an enemy.
I may respect and remove sparks from the first one. I want to use all of the stances, but thrust is just perfect. Pillar just seems situational to me, and Smash, like you said, is annoying to connect onto an enemy.
And I keep using Smash stance...gotta experiment Thrust now Thrust stance has a skill when you unlock it allows you to jump back during combo and thrust in fairly quick succession. I use that quite often to dodge enemy attacks then gift them the massive stick in their face.
Thrust stance has a skill when you unlock it allows you to jump back during combo and thrust in fairly quick succession. I use that quite often to dodge enemy attacks then gift them the massive stick in their face.
If both died at the same time, you would skip the cutscene but still get the items. My first boss fight against the wolf guai LingXuZi happened like this.
Jump heavy
The last 10% Even if I’m at full health I’m aware a single choke can get me killed. God the last few seconds with the final boss were tense af. The secret boss>final boss>yellow loong, these 3 were the hardest bosses for me, 2 days for yellow loong, 3 days for final boss, 5 days for the secret one. All of then i had to change the abilitys i was using.
The secret boss>final boss>yellow loong, these 3 were the hardest bosses for me, 2 days for yellow loong, 3 days for final boss, 5 days for the secret one. All of then i had to change the abilitys i was using.
Literally when boss are at 1 hp, they pull out infinite combos and it feels like game starts cheating. They become ultra aggressive. Ain't no "feels like"; it DEFINITELY starts cheating if you're doing a little too well against a boss that was obviously intended to be fairly difficult to defeat by the developers.
Ain't no "feels like"; it DEFINITELY starts cheating if you're doing a little too well against a boss that was obviously intended to be fairly difficult to defeat by the developers.
其实你可以直接用中文发帖的 习惯了用英文，而且我想这里的人大多数不会中文吧。
习惯了用英文，而且我想这里的人大多数不会中文吧。
“Need another pair of pants”
This morning this was me with the yin tiger, the most excruciating L I’ve taken so far in the game
Cover your HP when the gourd is empty. foucs on the fighting, you‘ll  do better. Trust me
Anime battles be like:
这个确实最紧张 xD
There's enough mana for cloud step, the damage from there should be enough for you to miss the boss entirely and die
I disabled boss's health bars. They die when they die. I just keep swinging. Wait you can do that? Yes! Found it by accident on the first day, looking for the option to invert Y axis (PS5) and to increase the size of subtitles.
Wait you can do that? Yes! Found it by accident on the first day, looking for the option to invert Y axis (PS5) and to increase the size of subtitles.
Yes! Found it by accident on the first day, looking for the option to invert Y axis (PS5) and to increase the size of subtitles.
The developer must really like tigers.  All the tiger fights are memorable (maybe not the dad tiger)
At least you have a cloud step left in ya !
I’m the most nervous when I boot the game up, and realising I left off on a boss that kicked my ass 30 times the night prior
This happened to me yesterday with Erlang, The Great Divinty secret boss fight. It was so clutch. I dodged like 5 attacks then combo-ed him. I was stuck on him for 4 DAYS prior mind you.  Had so many close wins. Hardest boss I ever fight in any game. I had to max out health, mana, stamina, defense with the celestial pills. Was crazy
While fighting the dragon on the ice lake she did that attack where she pics you up and it’s a cinematic so you can’t do anything. When the cinematic finished I had so little health that I didn’t even notice I was still alive. In those few seconds of me trying to heal before her next attack my heart rate must’ve tripled.
Why’s he only on 1 concentration point in 2nd chapter?
I had this happen during yellow wind sage (without the wind tamer) and it was so crushing. I never got to that point again even after an hour .. then I ran off to go do my side quests to go get it. no idea what came over me the first time I did it. must have been extra zen or smtg
This is that moment when the boss goes batshit and starts doing 100 hit combo strings. Giving you 0.001% chance to get that last hit in.
2.5 hours to beat this POS
Heart rate 180, adrenaline through the God damn roof, spaghetti fingers too.
It's in moments like this that I can't help but smile. Win or lose, you know what it's like to feel ALIVE !
This game trains us to be warriors ourselves.. Patience is key along with meditation and understanding...I would say this game is teaching us something that we couldn't understand with our American influenced lives ...I love to hate it and hate to love it..best game ever
Feel you… This is how I finished the same battle
Lmfao ive failed those moments before
Nervous kissing with me? What are we 13?
Beat way more bosses than I care to admit in this exact scenario 😭 Not the Pokemon beeps 😭
Not the Pokemon beeps 😭
They should add special intense music for this condition lol.
Happened to me twice, different outcomes though!
Happened to me 3 times in a row last night vs the chapter 5 final boss. The boss was lowkey kinda easy. Just when hes doing the 360° spinning bs attack. I just couldn't get the timing right for that. And that move instakilled me every time. Forgot that I could just cloud step that thing. Then ez W.
1v1 me bitch
Fight is soo intense, you forgot controller is critically low on power, then it dies.
Shadow step is up
版主已移除评论
I got killed during that time
At this point I play smart and wait for the boss to fuck up and overextend.
I have realized, from playing around 350s hours of playing Eldenring, that if its not meant to be, its not meant to be. No reason to break my controller.
Every boss fight has been me winning with barely any health left
It's high noon.
I had that for the very last boss of the game I was expecting him to be super hard but he was easier the the the boss before him
This was me just a moment ago fighting Yellow Loong. 39 attempts. Last 10% I had to resist greeding so bad lol
They have a fully charged cloud step. This is an easy win
Nah he’s good he got the invisibility ready
Nah, you still got cloud step. Try no mana left with a boss on 10% hp but can kill you in a single strike...cough yellow loong.. cough...
Neck to neck 🧣 situation damn . https://youtu.be/ZJ-BuqaeaiA
Yes this is so true.
I’m not gonna sugarcoat it Resolute Counterflow that cat
Around 2-3 weeks before harvest.
This has happened a couple times to me , captain wise voice was the most painful . Had to take a break and come back
out of stamina is the worst to me in this game, you actually have to stop and dodge everything lol
Did they nerf this boss a bit..I'm doing another vanilla run and it seems easy ..maybe I'm just all learned up now hahaha
I died to the mantis when it had literally no visible health bar, at my 8-9th try. Then I died to the final boss in the final form with 2 light attacks left… at my 3-4th try.
Not when I know I got my big bald blue head ready to whip outta the chamber 😉
Just today i was one hit with cyan loong while he was also one hit. I had the 4 charges for my heavy attack and i did it. It hit him, his electric attack exploded, he died, i died, i respawned to see i had to fight him again.
I’m at this boss on my 8th try 🥲
Just wait til yall get to the final "secret" boss. That took a few tries. Almost sword saint isshin level difficult.
are you winning son?
Something similar happened to me on rock monkey. I switched to calm stance and dodged absolutely everything, until transform spell cooled down and finished that bastard.:D
版主已移除评论
I save my transformation for that moment, usually a little more health on the boss though.
版主已移除评论
The moment the anime music stops.
Bosses last bit of Health  with at least 3 heals left and then he goes crazy and poof your back at a spawn point 😂😂😂😂
Kowabunga it is
He does have Cloud Step on standby. Just don't F**K IT UP! LMAO!
Only thing to do is pillar bonk.
Why nervous there? Isn't your decoy step available?
I thought I f'd my last fight against him last night while I was screensharing to a friend so I just took my time with what little life I had left as the tiger had over half still. I ended up beating him! Whiffed a bunch of attacks early on, wasted some gourd, but as soon as I relaxed it all came together. Even my last attack took more damage from him than I thought so when he died I was in shock. Boss fights in this game are really satisfying when you beat them.
I was like that in the last boss.
Me against the yellow sage after a lot of tries. Got him and I was ecstatic, f that dude
Anxiety level 9000
This happened to me with the wind sage after like 20+ tries. After beating him, my heart was beating so fast and my hands were shaking because of the stress. I had to take a break.
Spoiler that was me with the 3rd phase with yellowbrow
I thik i already conquered that fear while playing this game. I play alone in a room, almost broke my ps5 several times. Now i understand calmness is everything in this game. If u stay clam u will get enlightenment.
10-20%hp after retrying for an hour lol
Call it sport.
I lost that scenario multiple times, it made finally beating that bastard that much better.
Use lifesaver med for last resort
😭 me awhile ago with erlang shen boss fight (i died to his red lightning smash attack 💀)
I actually got a couple of bosses this way and its actually the best feeling ever
Tony the tigers Punch , is the scariest thing lmao
I never thought I would be laughing and understanding a chinese meme.THis game has just brought tonnes of people together lol.What a great community.
Exhibit A: Black myth wukong Finally beat that guy!
Only 1 Focus point too @@
Lol. Absolutely. I was like this with Mad Tiger. Took me about 15x to beat him.
I was in this situation with Yellow Wind Sage after countless tries and I think I may have entered flow state.
Honestly missing a dodge 🤦🏽‍♂️
For some reason this game came to often to limit health you and boss , i had this situation like 20 times on my first tries with many bosses , it’s unbelievable feeling to win like this
This is when your fingers suddenly become noodles
You have a cloud step ready. It should be enough to finish him. No stress at all.
All I see is that you have enough mana to cast cloud strike. That is a time where you don't chance it. You cloud strike, get away from the clone and wait for a safe smack.
Cloud step really helps at this point
That's how I win almost every boss fight.  Down to the wire
cloud step + charged thrust. easy
Erlang
I died twice to Tiger Vanguard when his health was critically low. Both of those times, I had a couple of focus points left and was trying to charge up and bonk him from a distance. But being the fidgety bastard that he is, he avoided my attacks both the times and just knife-slashed me into oblivion (Man, that attack does a ton of damage!) Finally in my 9th attempt, I got his health down. But this time, I kept my calm, let him come to me, and a couple of dodges later, finished him off with 1 varied attack combo.
This is when the true spirit of Wukong comes to life
Nervous no. That when I go the hardest. That determination. Sometimes it’s just pure rage.
I beat the Yaksha king with 1 hp left and we hit each other the same time but it counted as my victory, I was sweating
Me with the mantis boss
I can't imagine the number of times I lost being so close. Sometimes I get really cocky I mess it up
Lastnight the rhino beat me by a hair and then twerked on my dying body
Nah most fights been doing this to me lately
Pretty much exactly what it looked like when I beat tiger vanguard and yellow wind sage. Oh was I relieved after I beat yellow wind sage.
Cloud strike is up, no? In that case it should be score for Destined One.
I saved the same pic when i beat hidden boss in chapter 2. I cropped it to not spoil for my friend! Dude, its the worst feeling. Its like you know you just need 1 hit… but it can all be taken away in a second
getting hit a with a special move so you're sitting at what looks like literally 0 health and still winning the fight.
That stupid laser vision boss that has a auto aim laser that follows you while shooting you with a 20 round mag of laser blasts in the prison. I feel like there's no way to dodge half his attacks the way I seen it is the mechanic is a dps check and you need to kill fast and heal thru damage
Imagine being at Tiger boss in chapter 2 and still only have 1 focus point.. what are you spending it on
I had this experience with Erlang after 2 hours of trying. We both were in one hit range and both charged up our attacks. He with the first attack of his combo and me with my charged normal stance attack. I'm not kidding you, i could see his spear being directly in front of my face when i hit him to end the fight. I must have been 0,01 seconds faster than him and it was so incredibly cinematic, by far my favorite moment in this game.
No joke I beat the last three bosses/ mini bosses I've fought with a sliver of health left. Nothing feels better than landing that fully charged blow and dodging out of the way of an attack as it connects
The 100 eyes boss, forgot to use the fucking neddle, it was so hard to hit him in that last part.
My heart rate spiked to 134 fighting Yin Tiger because he just did his giant fire wave attack I perfect dodged and then got the one hit I needed to win the fight Only boss so far that caused that in years
I swear every fight I have had in this game ends up with both me and the boss at one hit.
When I'm not sure if I'm going to advance the game in a way I miss something
