My cousin wanted to play after staying up to watch me grind a Scorpionlord no hit last night.  This kid’s favorite games are Fortnite and Roblox, and this is what he was able to pull off after two hours. I’m floored. ================================================================================  评论列表:
I wld be proud of him. 11 year old but his problem solving skill is already better than many. track me Dude, I’m so proud haha. I never would have thought of using the pillars and light attack combo spam to perma stun lock the big baby. He’s always been intimidated by souls likes, so this was a big confidence boost for him. Noticed after swapping to a bull king build with 56-80% dmg reduction that the light combo spam works on a lot of bosses This is the ultimate build! with dmg reduction curious, the 1 refill gourd with 2 laurel soaks and tenacity soak while drinking. Add the dark iron staff with the bullking armor for 230+ damage. Use Spellbinder, and you should be sitting on 314 damage 🫡 3 soaks will net you almost full 50% dr when the wind tamer is on cd. Just pop the gourd like diddy pops kids Yup! Pause on the diddy pops kids tho 🤣 Wait you can get more than 3 curious slots? 😯 You gotta challenge Yin Tiger again on NG+ and NG+2 :) Idk if it’s the ultimate build IMO— the tenacity/poise gain and defense boost is awesome but it’s a big tradeoff for a spellbinder build. With full pilgrims set, gold needle, spine shooting staff/swapping your spirits and curios for more Mana before spellbinding the game becomes a joke. charged running heavy attacks with the crit% boost hit like a third of a boss’ health bar sometimes. Bro he is smarter than me, I’m never even used those pillars to make him stun himself. Granted once he uses that 1 AoE ability they all break anyways I think. But yeah tell him that he impressed us. He didn’t let that mans breathe lmfao. I’m pretty sure I didn’t kill him until I finished the second chapter lol And then he just stomps the soulsborne games. Would be funny. The new gaming generation of kids sutn serious Jesus Christ it’s Jason Bourne
Dude, I’m so proud haha. I never would have thought of using the pillars and light attack combo spam to perma stun lock the big baby. He’s always been intimidated by souls likes, so this was a big confidence boost for him. Noticed after swapping to a bull king build with 56-80% dmg reduction that the light combo spam works on a lot of bosses This is the ultimate build! with dmg reduction curious, the 1 refill gourd with 2 laurel soaks and tenacity soak while drinking. Add the dark iron staff with the bullking armor for 230+ damage. Use Spellbinder, and you should be sitting on 314 damage 🫡 3 soaks will net you almost full 50% dr when the wind tamer is on cd. Just pop the gourd like diddy pops kids Yup! Pause on the diddy pops kids tho 🤣 Wait you can get more than 3 curious slots? 😯 You gotta challenge Yin Tiger again on NG+ and NG+2 :) Idk if it’s the ultimate build IMO— the tenacity/poise gain and defense boost is awesome but it’s a big tradeoff for a spellbinder build. With full pilgrims set, gold needle, spine shooting staff/swapping your spirits and curios for more Mana before spellbinding the game becomes a joke. charged running heavy attacks with the crit% boost hit like a third of a boss’ health bar sometimes. Bro he is smarter than me, I’m never even used those pillars to make him stun himself. Granted once he uses that 1 AoE ability they all break anyways I think. But yeah tell him that he impressed us. He didn’t let that mans breathe lmfao. I’m pretty sure I didn’t kill him until I finished the second chapter lol And then he just stomps the soulsborne games. Would be funny.
Noticed after swapping to a bull king build with 56-80% dmg reduction that the light combo spam works on a lot of bosses This is the ultimate build! with dmg reduction curious, the 1 refill gourd with 2 laurel soaks and tenacity soak while drinking. Add the dark iron staff with the bullking armor for 230+ damage. Use Spellbinder, and you should be sitting on 314 damage 🫡 3 soaks will net you almost full 50% dr when the wind tamer is on cd. Just pop the gourd like diddy pops kids Yup! Pause on the diddy pops kids tho 🤣 Wait you can get more than 3 curious slots? 😯 You gotta challenge Yin Tiger again on NG+ and NG+2 :) Idk if it’s the ultimate build IMO— the tenacity/poise gain and defense boost is awesome but it’s a big tradeoff for a spellbinder build. With full pilgrims set, gold needle, spine shooting staff/swapping your spirits and curios for more Mana before spellbinding the game becomes a joke. charged running heavy attacks with the crit% boost hit like a third of a boss’ health bar sometimes.
This is the ultimate build! with dmg reduction curious, the 1 refill gourd with 2 laurel soaks and tenacity soak while drinking. Add the dark iron staff with the bullking armor for 230+ damage. Use Spellbinder, and you should be sitting on 314 damage 🫡 3 soaks will net you almost full 50% dr when the wind tamer is on cd. Just pop the gourd like diddy pops kids Yup! Pause on the diddy pops kids tho 🤣 Wait you can get more than 3 curious slots? 😯 You gotta challenge Yin Tiger again on NG+ and NG+2 :) Idk if it’s the ultimate build IMO— the tenacity/poise gain and defense boost is awesome but it’s a big tradeoff for a spellbinder build. With full pilgrims set, gold needle, spine shooting staff/swapping your spirits and curios for more Mana before spellbinding the game becomes a joke. charged running heavy attacks with the crit% boost hit like a third of a boss’ health bar sometimes.
3 soaks will net you almost full 50% dr when the wind tamer is on cd. Just pop the gourd like diddy pops kids Yup! Pause on the diddy pops kids tho 🤣
Yup! Pause on the diddy pops kids tho 🤣
Wait you can get more than 3 curious slots? 😯 You gotta challenge Yin Tiger again on NG+ and NG+2 :)
You gotta challenge Yin Tiger again on NG+ and NG+2 :)
Idk if it’s the ultimate build IMO— the tenacity/poise gain and defense boost is awesome but it’s a big tradeoff for a spellbinder build. With full pilgrims set, gold needle, spine shooting staff/swapping your spirits and curios for more Mana before spellbinding the game becomes a joke. charged running heavy attacks with the crit% boost hit like a third of a boss’ health bar sometimes.
Bro he is smarter than me, I’m never even used those pillars to make him stun himself. Granted once he uses that 1 AoE ability they all break anyways I think. But yeah tell him that he impressed us. He didn’t let that mans breathe lmfao. I’m pretty sure I didn’t kill him until I finished the second chapter lol
And then he just stomps the soulsborne games. Would be funny.
The new gaming generation of kids sutn serious
Jesus Christ it’s Jason Bourne
I DID NOT KNOW that the environment can be used against the Wight! Thanks for sharing! Fought Wandering Wight for like an hour straight and not once did bro hit a pillar. This is insane problem solving A lot of people jumped into this game not realizing how much substance it had and dismissed it for having 'invisible walls' and environments. As a Souls veteran, I always manipulate the games environment against a boss like by having them hit walls, getting stuck, ect. It's one of those things that isn't taught or encouraged by developers but you just so happen to instinctively use to your advantage. The secret boss in ch2 has built in environmental blocks for the electricity. Same for the Red Boy /Yasha King. On the right side of the arena is a long slanted rock, it’ll block majority of the projectiles. As a Souls veteran The only Souls game that had you using the environment to make Boss fights easier was, funnily enough, Dark Souls 2 Other titles unfortunately weren't so creative with their approach I'm not comparing the environments from the two games, what I'm saying is pillars or walls for example in Souls games as for something to use in your advantage. Same Same Same Same Same
Fought Wandering Wight for like an hour straight and not once did bro hit a pillar. This is insane problem solving
A lot of people jumped into this game not realizing how much substance it had and dismissed it for having 'invisible walls' and environments. As a Souls veteran, I always manipulate the games environment against a boss like by having them hit walls, getting stuck, ect. It's one of those things that isn't taught or encouraged by developers but you just so happen to instinctively use to your advantage. The secret boss in ch2 has built in environmental blocks for the electricity. Same for the Red Boy /Yasha King. On the right side of the arena is a long slanted rock, it’ll block majority of the projectiles. As a Souls veteran The only Souls game that had you using the environment to make Boss fights easier was, funnily enough, Dark Souls 2 Other titles unfortunately weren't so creative with their approach I'm not comparing the environments from the two games, what I'm saying is pillars or walls for example in Souls games as for something to use in your advantage.
The secret boss in ch2 has built in environmental blocks for the electricity. Same for the Red Boy /Yasha King. On the right side of the arena is a long slanted rock, it’ll block majority of the projectiles.
As a Souls veteran The only Souls game that had you using the environment to make Boss fights easier was, funnily enough, Dark Souls 2 Other titles unfortunately weren't so creative with their approach I'm not comparing the environments from the two games, what I'm saying is pillars or walls for example in Souls games as for something to use in your advantage.
I'm not comparing the environments from the two games, what I'm saying is pillars or walls for example in Souls games as for something to use in your advantage.
Same
Same
Same Same
Same
Same
You should tell him that a bunch of random internet people are proud of him and think he's really smart.
NG+5 and I still didnt know you could do that with the pillar lmfao I have a more simple method, my weapon is the pillar Same here 😆
I have a more simple method, my weapon is the pillar
Same here 😆
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Rbmuk 点赞: 48 时间: 2024-12-26T06:11:19.373000+0000 内容: Clean  🔥 My thoughts exactly cleanest version of this fight Ive seen.
My thoughts exactly cleanest version of this fight Ive seen.
That was impressive, ngl. So satisfying to watch and the fight so smooth.
Damn those things can break? Feel like im doing this game on hard mode xD. Also got the first vessel after the last chapter 1 boss rofl My son (8) Just beat mad tiger in chapter 2 , couldnt be more proud xD Been stuck on him and the giant rock guy for a day now
My son (8) Just beat mad tiger in chapter 2 , couldnt be more proud xD Been stuck on him and the giant rock guy for a day now
Been stuck on him and the giant rock guy for a day now
11 yo > Games Journalist The guides don’t even mention the pillars? Even if they do, that young man/woman has made r/blackmythwukong proud
The guides don’t even mention the pillars? Even if they do, that young man/woman has made r/blackmythwukong proud
The fact that he uses Guangzhi's dodge +heavy is already leagues above most players that only use heavy to dash around the arena cause they don't read that Guangzhi has combos. There may have been some coaching by me through previous attempts. The pillars and light combo stun lock were all him, though lol Funny, my reaction to this is the opposite of so many people acting as if it's crazy an 11yo could do this. My kids are about that age and damned if they don't read, digest, and instantly apply every special ability available. I think it's from playing all the Overwatch, Fortnight, Apex type games. So many characters with different abilities, combos, powerups and ultimates...it's like they have to be able to instantly grok "oh, THIS is how you play this character" and adapt right into it.
There may have been some coaching by me through previous attempts. The pillars and light combo stun lock were all him, though lol
Funny, my reaction to this is the opposite of so many people acting as if it's crazy an 11yo could do this. My kids are about that age and damned if they don't read, digest, and instantly apply every special ability available. I think it's from playing all the Overwatch, Fortnight, Apex type games. So many characters with different abilities, combos, powerups and ultimates...it's like they have to be able to instantly grok "oh, THIS is how you play this character" and adapt right into it.
He even knows how to launch Guangzhi's ultimate attacks rather than blindly spamming light attacks like many starters do.
Tell your 11y old cousin, He is pretty Badass !!
Wait.... The pillars?! Dang.
You're 11 y/o cousin is better than me at this game
Impressed how many people didn't know about the pillars. I figured once by accident by several hours of trying I actually hit one and it stunned me, so next try I tried to use to my advantage. Boss became easy mode.
I hate the fact that I quit this game right at this part. This 11 year old powered through it bro you can do it too Exactly! This is like…. 15 minutes in? You just quit after fighting 6 normal wolf enemies in the woods and encountering your first semi-real enemy? Why do people like you even buy games lmfao Stfu 版主已移除评论 Why do people like you even buy games lmfao To enjoy them. Not sit there frustrated for hours to defeat 1 boss. Some of us value our time and care more about story and enjoying the FLOW of a game buys ARPG to “enjoy it” quits 15 minutes in to extremely easy boss that is also optional What is fun to people like you? Auto clickers? Why ever buy an ARPG in the first place? If it makes you feel any better, this was one of the more frustrating fights of the game for me. After chapter 2 or 3 it is still a challenging game but much more manageable I'm not great at these games but managed to get through it, and even beat the final secret boss at the end who was a son of a bitch. You can do it! I took about an hour on this guy. I refused to move on until I beat him in case I missed something lol
This 11 year old powered through it bro you can do it too Exactly!
Exactly!
This is like…. 15 minutes in? You just quit after fighting 6 normal wolf enemies in the woods and encountering your first semi-real enemy? Why do people like you even buy games lmfao Stfu 版主已移除评论 Why do people like you even buy games lmfao To enjoy them. Not sit there frustrated for hours to defeat 1 boss. Some of us value our time and care more about story and enjoying the FLOW of a game buys ARPG to “enjoy it” quits 15 minutes in to extremely easy boss that is also optional What is fun to people like you? Auto clickers? Why ever buy an ARPG in the first place?
Stfu 版主已移除评论
版主已移除评论
Why do people like you even buy games lmfao To enjoy them. Not sit there frustrated for hours to defeat 1 boss. Some of us value our time and care more about story and enjoying the FLOW of a game buys ARPG to “enjoy it” quits 15 minutes in to extremely easy boss that is also optional What is fun to people like you? Auto clickers? Why ever buy an ARPG in the first place?
buys ARPG to “enjoy it” quits 15 minutes in to extremely easy boss that is also optional What is fun to people like you? Auto clickers? Why ever buy an ARPG in the first place?
If it makes you feel any better, this was one of the more frustrating fights of the game for me. After chapter 2 or 3 it is still a challenging game but much more manageable I'm not great at these games but managed to get through it, and even beat the final secret boss at the end who was a son of a bitch. You can do it!
I took about an hour on this guy. I refused to move on until I beat him in case I missed something lol
I struggled with this dude like 20 times when I first started this game. My 10 year old son wanted to try and I told him I'd bet him $50 if he could beat him first try because of course he can't beat him if I struggled so hard, right? That little shit whooped his ass first shot and then told me to pay up. I was very proud of him and I learned a couple very valuable lessons that day.
i’m in NG and i didn’t know you could use the pillars against him
Damn. No damage pull already.
Super aggro clean with there
That boy smart 💡💪🏾
I had none of that lol but still good shit 😂 I was there for like 45 minutes cause it took forever to whittle thay life away 😂
Absolutely brilliant.
I’m 3x the age of this kid and cried on this boss coz he kept beating my ass lol
Holy fuck that's what the pillars are for? 🤣 I'm in NG+ and never knew that.
holy shit, thanks to your cousin's strat, I a 34-year old was finally able to beat this monster. Thank you so much for sharing.
Didn’t even realize you could use the pillars like that
So simple, yet so beautiful
Impressive! I’ll have to show my kid this one.
A lot of tutorials keep begging us to hide behind the pillars so he disorientates himself running into them lol I still can’t get past this boss 😭😭😭
Glad I’m not the only who didn’t know about the pillars 😬
Smart kid.
That's so cool that the environment can be used against bosses. Game Science put a lot of effort into these fights.
I feel like i just got humbled by a 11yr old That boss took me like 30 tries Kid is made for souls like Get him on Bloodborne
Wow. With that agressiveness dont let him take a driver's license in future.
Bro give him the game and go play fortnite 🫡
That’s so cool omg. Gaming definitely helps children to develop problem solving skills. Tell him I said he’s cool pls
Damn a lot of people didnt know about the pillar. That’s insane lol. What’s more insane is the fact that he was able to just light combo to keep him stun locked. Absolutely impressive*** timing/pace.
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: Flat_Tale5823 点赞: 2 时间: 2024-12-27T04:50:56.249000+0000 内容: Bro I never even thought about using the pillars
does he play blox fruits Yeah, he’s very proud of his is $4.2 million bounty, whatever that means
Yeah, he’s very proud of his is $4.2 million bounty, whatever that means
This boss is pretty easy to cheese, without using the enviroment against him. I figure it out in my first playthrough
Good luck with the wind sage 🫢
Imma call cap
Slamming him into the pillar and perma stun locking him with the light attack combo's last attack. I thought of doing that; figuring it would be really cheesy, I just went with fighting him normally(no hit obviously)
That's great but this is obviously bad bait. it's highly unlikely this would have been your nephews first time playing this boss...not because he beat him but because he's using Wukong's skills effectively. It's pretty obvious to tell someone who has played the game before vs someone who just picked it up. Especially because most ppl struggle with this boss because they just started the game and are trying to figure out the controls. And that's not adding the convenience that you happen to be recording footage of this gameplay at that moment? Why ppl post disingenuous things like this for clout is just so bizarre to me. Okay so first, this is PS5 footage. PS5 can save up to 30 minutes of gameplay. I upload the gameplay to my YouTube and screen record it to get it here (hence the potato cam quality of all my posts). Two, 11 year olds aren’t fucking infants. I didn’t just give him the controller, I taught him how to play the game and utilize his skills/transformation, and he applied them. You don’t have to be a professional athlete to teach a kid to throw a football or shoot a fucking basketball, you insufferable prick. Again, he spent TWO STRAIGHT HOURS fighting the boss, and thought outside of the box and found a path to victory. Not to mention his first experience with this game was watching me grind a no hit run against Scorpionlord on Great Sage for 4 hours with me talking him through the gameplay, my process, and my strategy the entire time because I saw an opportunity to put him on to a game that is outside of his comfort zone. I am sorry the fact that an 11 year old being capable of critical thinking and figuring out how to play a video game is so incongruous to your personal experience and perception of this game’s difficulty, but please fuck all the way off with this bait bs. Holy shit, calm down. The dude you're responding to probably thought that you meant after 2 hours of YOU trying, your nephew was able to do this on his first try. You can tell because the person you're responding to said "It's highly unlikely this would have been your nephews first time playing this boss" Instead of thinking for 2 seconds you went off on a weird rant, and yes, the dude you're responding to is also weird for going on a rant because he misread something. Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read? The title? The post description? My comment? I literally said I didn’t just hand my COUSIN the controller, and clarified that HE was trying the boss for two hours. 99.9% of the comment section was able to understand that from just the title and my description, so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game . "Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read?" Because I'm talking about what that person thought they read. It's a pretty simple concept to follow, I thought. "so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game ." You're still not getting it. They probably thought this was one of 10 million per day Reddit bait posts where someone lies about a situation for interaction. They're not insecure about an 11 year old being able to play a video game, they were rolling their eyes about the thought that you were trying to beat a boss for 2 hours and your nephew (their words) picked it up and was able to beat it. They scanned the title and video and misinterpreted it. You went on a spastic rant because of their misinterpretation. You both suck, I just want to make sure you know that you also suck.
Okay so first, this is PS5 footage. PS5 can save up to 30 minutes of gameplay. I upload the gameplay to my YouTube and screen record it to get it here (hence the potato cam quality of all my posts). Two, 11 year olds aren’t fucking infants. I didn’t just give him the controller, I taught him how to play the game and utilize his skills/transformation, and he applied them. You don’t have to be a professional athlete to teach a kid to throw a football or shoot a fucking basketball, you insufferable prick. Again, he spent TWO STRAIGHT HOURS fighting the boss, and thought outside of the box and found a path to victory. Not to mention his first experience with this game was watching me grind a no hit run against Scorpionlord on Great Sage for 4 hours with me talking him through the gameplay, my process, and my strategy the entire time because I saw an opportunity to put him on to a game that is outside of his comfort zone. I am sorry the fact that an 11 year old being capable of critical thinking and figuring out how to play a video game is so incongruous to your personal experience and perception of this game’s difficulty, but please fuck all the way off with this bait bs. Holy shit, calm down. The dude you're responding to probably thought that you meant after 2 hours of YOU trying, your nephew was able to do this on his first try. You can tell because the person you're responding to said "It's highly unlikely this would have been your nephews first time playing this boss" Instead of thinking for 2 seconds you went off on a weird rant, and yes, the dude you're responding to is also weird for going on a rant because he misread something. Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read? The title? The post description? My comment? I literally said I didn’t just hand my COUSIN the controller, and clarified that HE was trying the boss for two hours. 99.9% of the comment section was able to understand that from just the title and my description, so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game . "Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read?" Because I'm talking about what that person thought they read. It's a pretty simple concept to follow, I thought. "so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game ." You're still not getting it. They probably thought this was one of 10 million per day Reddit bait posts where someone lies about a situation for interaction. They're not insecure about an 11 year old being able to play a video game, they were rolling their eyes about the thought that you were trying to beat a boss for 2 hours and your nephew (their words) picked it up and was able to beat it. They scanned the title and video and misinterpreted it. You went on a spastic rant because of their misinterpretation. You both suck, I just want to make sure you know that you also suck.
Holy shit, calm down. The dude you're responding to probably thought that you meant after 2 hours of YOU trying, your nephew was able to do this on his first try. You can tell because the person you're responding to said "It's highly unlikely this would have been your nephews first time playing this boss" Instead of thinking for 2 seconds you went off on a weird rant, and yes, the dude you're responding to is also weird for going on a rant because he misread something. Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read? The title? The post description? My comment? I literally said I didn’t just hand my COUSIN the controller, and clarified that HE was trying the boss for two hours. 99.9% of the comment section was able to understand that from just the title and my description, so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game . "Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read?" Because I'm talking about what that person thought they read. It's a pretty simple concept to follow, I thought. "so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game ." You're still not getting it. They probably thought this was one of 10 million per day Reddit bait posts where someone lies about a situation for interaction. They're not insecure about an 11 year old being able to play a video game, they were rolling their eyes about the thought that you were trying to beat a boss for 2 hours and your nephew (their words) picked it up and was able to beat it. They scanned the title and video and misinterpreted it. You went on a spastic rant because of their misinterpretation. You both suck, I just want to make sure you know that you also suck.
Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read? The title? The post description? My comment? I literally said I didn’t just hand my COUSIN the controller, and clarified that HE was trying the boss for two hours. 99.9% of the comment section was able to understand that from just the title and my description, so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game . "Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read?" Because I'm talking about what that person thought they read. It's a pretty simple concept to follow, I thought. "so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game ." You're still not getting it. They probably thought this was one of 10 million per day Reddit bait posts where someone lies about a situation for interaction. They're not insecure about an 11 year old being able to play a video game, they were rolling their eyes about the thought that you were trying to beat a boss for 2 hours and your nephew (their words) picked it up and was able to beat it. They scanned the title and video and misinterpreted it. You went on a spastic rant because of their misinterpretation. You both suck, I just want to make sure you know that you also suck.
"Why do you and him keep saying “nephew” can you even read?" Because I'm talking about what that person thought they read. It's a pretty simple concept to follow, I thought. "so I’m not gonna feel bad for justifiably dunking on that asshat who clearly just feels insecure at the idea that an 11 year old can play a video game ." You're still not getting it. They probably thought this was one of 10 million per day Reddit bait posts where someone lies about a situation for interaction. They're not insecure about an 11 year old being able to play a video game, they were rolling their eyes about the thought that you were trying to beat a boss for 2 hours and your nephew (their words) picked it up and was able to beat it. They scanned the title and video and misinterpreted it. You went on a spastic rant because of their misinterpretation. You both suck, I just want to make sure you know that you also suck.
Ah sometimes we just love to torture ourselves I feel like
Bruh…lmao props to them
Beautiful to watch
Awesome! Kudos to your cousin!
Haha this is amazing, ahead of the pack for sure
Nice 👍
Mfer …props lol
Wow your 11 y/o is genius, I never knew we can use environment in the game to your advantage kudos, more challenge awaits for him
Does the wandering wight disappear if you defeat the elder in ancient guanyin temple first? I can’t find him and the empty journal spot is bugging me
I knew that you could break the pillars but didn't know that if he runs into them, it would stun him! Congrats to your cousin!
Wow . Real nice.
So after 2 hours of trying they then pummeled, spanked, and beat wandering wights ass red? Can’t blame them, in fact I got close to laughing my ass off watching it because that’s what it looked like
Brilliant
That was so clean! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Yeah... I'm impressed so many people weren't aware of this.
Very nice
Your cousin is a bad ass bruv.
And he didn't even get hit
Isn't this literally the video of how to beat this guy in a "scripted" way. It requires specific stamina upgrades and such. I call BS OP
Tell your cousin that his genius is frightening
So smart solution 🙏
I cheesed Wandering Wight at a wall and killed him this way, just spammed heavies and froze him every time I could and ran around to hit him. Theres this big wall you can run up to but sometimes his abilities will find a way through. Still a lot easier.
He’ll be successful in life. Give that kid a raise on allowance lol
I never thought about that wall hit. He’s genius!
I didn’t even beat his ass THAT bad. Your cousin is good.
AWESOME
Kids always smarter than we ever thought,  if he was my child,  i would take him out to fun place like disneyland for the weekend. Make sure to let him know that random people praise him. This is serious because after 3rd playthrough, never thought that pillar can be use against WW
Props to the little dude. That was well played
How hard/frustrating is this game? Like, will I be pissed for spending $60 on it? It's the main thing keeping me from pulling the trigger.
My friend couldn't beat it after trying all sorts of dodges and bs. He asked to help. I spammed left click and did it in my second try.
That's nice
wow didn’t know trick of using the pillars lol
Beautifully done!
💡
I was trying to beat this guy like 20 times and then he randomly ran into that statue and fell. And so I was aha so thats how and then he proceeded to do different attacks and I could never get him to run or jump into it. So I overleveled and beat him.
Man, i feel ashamed of myself. However, I passed this on my 12 try. So, it took my approximately 2 hours to beat and never used the stone columns.
Hmm...im an idiot
I defeated him the same way but after a week or so.
I think the trick to this boss was simply just going hard with smash stance because once u realize the smash stance finishers stun him it's a breeze lol also understanding the see through mechanic in smash stance makes you unstoppable pretty much.
Damn that's amazing
版主已移除评论
Not bad. I didn't even realize that you could use the pillars
Hidden tech lol
版主已移除评论
Don't feel bad I died 1001 times as well before i finally got em and i celebrated for 7 days and 7 nights afterwards 😂😂😂
I haven't played in awhile so can't remember the stance nace but I'd stand on my pole get a really long reach and when he'd give for pretty much any move it would stagger then I'd rush in spam repeat I was having a hard time with his beam b.s I had a hard time dodging it and that specific move annihilated me every. single. time.. lol I bout shit when I finally won cus I like to try and beat things on my own without looking shit up on the internet then afterwards see how others accomplished the same feat.
Kid's pretty cracked, ngl
Ngl I just attacked him with a full light combo. Until ng+2 or 3 can't remember,  it stuns him before you'll stop attacks.
Anyone else committed to the fight BEFORE getting your transformation skill?
------------------------------------------------------------ 用户: dasaniAKON 点赞: 1 时间: 2024-12-26T15:24:31.342000+0000 内容: I did the same thing during my playthrough.  Was best way to defeat him before moving to next area.
版主已移除评论
Amazing
This kids a genius 👏🏼👏🏼
All this time I didn't know you could do that to him that's funny he did a great job that was Dope 💯🔥👏🏾
The very first time i played i figured out the pillar mechanic myself but I was never effective with it like this.
Your cousin is going to be a souls streamer
Your cousin is a prodigy. I was struggling with wonder wight until my cousin came over talking shit last Saturday. But he’s grown lol. I just thought this was ironic
版主已移除评论
That’s what I resorted too.
版主已移除评论
Today I learned Souslike games are DEFINITELY not for me… I feel like a failed gaming after this one.
Write that down WRITE THAT DOWN ✍🏽🔥
版主已移除评论
Very impressive. Please do share him the love he is receiving in here. I think it is a genius strategy. Also, on a different boss level the last boss in chapter 1 bear fight I was able to get a lot of attacks in the beginning by cornering at the entrance before he turns to fire.
There's something about kid gamers who can do things in video games that we old farts can't. Like being humiliated effortlessly in COD by a trash talking 12 year old 😅
You should be very proud of him, after only 2 hours he managed to kill his enemy without even being struck once. He shows much skill and great promise.
版主已移除评论
I'm proud of your cousin too
版主已移除评论
Using the rocks was genius!
he cooked.
What an amazing way to use the environment. Seems like this game is really clicking for them. Great display of problem solving skills
Awesome! I have a Yellow Loong yesterday. I have been kicking my butt if your cousin has some time to spare.
Can I borrow him to beat the yellow sage for me?
Damn that's impressive.  The pillars...... good on him
WOW
I can confidently say that your eleven year old cousin is already far better than me.
This is definitely the intended way to beat the WW at low levels. 11 year old probably made a lot of us feel dumb
I used light attack and see through spamming to stun lock yellow loong lol this kid knows what’s up
😮
Man im in the Webbed Hollow and that big baby has probably been the hardest boss ive faught so far, im amazed that he learned that in 2 hours, took me like a whole day to beat him 😫😭
Critical thinking is legit a sign of high intelligence
NG+3 and this was way better than all my fights😂
That’s pretty good strat. Never thought to use the pillars on him.
Impressive
And THIS game lost to Astro Bot haha. Fucking kill me.
it is great to see the young destined ones learn
smart!
The children of today really have active minds. Tell your cousin that he is really great!
So worth it too! I’ve been Using Wandering Wight’s spirit since I unlocked it. The other ones just aren’t doing it for me.
This is so monster hunter coded. Love to see it
Damn, I really need to finish god of war so I can start this one. Cheers!
Damn he know the boss a lot
my monke is level 20smth and i still cant defeat the wandering wight
Actually that boss fight is optional imagine my reaction when I found out
Today your 11 year old cousin reminded me that I am not very good at this game.
wow he fought like a pro!
Wow, platinumed the game two weeks ago, but didn’t the pillars can be made use of in such way. NICE!!!
Holy hell. That's some impressive field usage. I didn't even know you could do that!
Genius xD
Never knew that the pillars can be used against him!
I had none of those powers when I took him on. It don't remember how long it took me, but he did whoop my ass a bunch of times. I think he was the first mini boss I encountered.
Did use the pillars, but the Wright destroyed the rest with his insane big aoe and long-range palm strikes. I'm kinda a stamina freak, so I disengage when it's empty. Kinda took 3 tries since the boss doesn't repeat his patterns. Until I got the hang of his moves. My mistake was that instead of baiting him close to a pillar, I baited him far away behind one. Ending up getting long-range plam strikes
Wow! Well done! I imagine your cousin wants to test his skills against harder opponents. Has he gotten to White Clad Noble yet?
Hit and run never fails bro i couldn’t believe I no hit non pure the other day legit 30 seconds and bro was toast I felt accomplished and I bet your cousin felt some good after that even after two hours tin tiger took me three days I wouldn’t move on without beating him
Kids brains are amazing honestly give them something and they will figure it out in two hours kids better at combos then me
First time encountering and defeating Wandering white is the most satisfying and hardest thing in the whole game and is not even close.
