Some of the best dialogues too ================================================================================  评论列表:
Our personal drug dealer. track me Xu Doggy Dog if you will. Xu dawg I love saying his name. My girlfriend is annoyed at me for how many times I have randomly said his name around the house Underrated comment fr
Xu Doggy Dog if you will. Xu dawg I love saying his name. My girlfriend is annoyed at me for how many times I have randomly said his name around the house Underrated comment fr
Xu dawg I love saying his name. My girlfriend is annoyed at me for how many times I have randomly said his name around the house
I love saying his name. My girlfriend is annoyed at me for how many times I have randomly said his name around the house
Underrated comment fr
Plug a little weird, but he’s chill. His dialogue and accent had me dying the other day Sometimes I go talk to him in that NPC hub just to hear him And challenge the tiger only to die a bunch of times I cut that tiger ass on the regular I no his pattern from them many losses lol I still haven’t defeated him Have any tips for skill tree set ups? I tried using the spell binder on him and that didn’t do much for me. Max out stamina and evasion gata keep moving attack when he appear dont paralyze him save your mana for cloud step use cloud step when his sword turn red and after his combo when the sword is red then use pluck of many your cloud step should’ve charge use it again to avoid him being wild and you get something cool afterwards It's fine to freeze him, just only do it if you have 4 focus built up so you can get some juicy bonus damage from the big bonk. Maxed out cloud step - heavy smash stance each time he does a combo that doesn’t end with him vanishing And light attack in between, when dodging and waiting for the cooldown to end. Believe it or not I have never had to max out cloud step to beat anyone it works for me to just catch my self pop some pills drink some life pause and switch out my pills what empty stuff like that My basic strat for most bosses is just being patient dodging and filling 4 focus bars for the thrust stance heavy, you really have to wait your turn with the Tiger and you're only gonna be able to get a few light hits in. It's also fine to fight him later on with better equipment and flasks :P personally I've never used spell binder in my playthrough cause I like using Rock Solid(Cloud step should also be really good for him) Oh also the soak that allows you to heal while getting hit was very useful for me since he's so aggressive I haven’t touched spell binder since I got it. It’s  lowkey useless. I would recommend learning how to read his patterns. Take like to rounds where you just try to survive as long as you can by trying to dodging all of his moves and learn the attack combos. Do this around 4-5 times if you are a slower learner and you should be able to do it. Ps. Watch out for that stupid suck move by running around toward the edges of the area and dodging when he hits the ground The tonality actually sounds pretty similar to the Chinese dialogue as well, but the Chinese version also used a classic verse structure and meter. For instance, some of the Chinese versions contain expressions in four word meter. https://x.com/natenumbereight/status/1704269798199148914?t=J_nQTH3KKX-5hdSiJ0dSVA&s=19 If Percs got me itching was a dog
His dialogue and accent had me dying the other day Sometimes I go talk to him in that NPC hub just to hear him And challenge the tiger only to die a bunch of times I cut that tiger ass on the regular I no his pattern from them many losses lol I still haven’t defeated him Have any tips for skill tree set ups? I tried using the spell binder on him and that didn’t do much for me. Max out stamina and evasion gata keep moving attack when he appear dont paralyze him save your mana for cloud step use cloud step when his sword turn red and after his combo when the sword is red then use pluck of many your cloud step should’ve charge use it again to avoid him being wild and you get something cool afterwards It's fine to freeze him, just only do it if you have 4 focus built up so you can get some juicy bonus damage from the big bonk. Maxed out cloud step - heavy smash stance each time he does a combo that doesn’t end with him vanishing And light attack in between, when dodging and waiting for the cooldown to end. Believe it or not I have never had to max out cloud step to beat anyone it works for me to just catch my self pop some pills drink some life pause and switch out my pills what empty stuff like that My basic strat for most bosses is just being patient dodging and filling 4 focus bars for the thrust stance heavy, you really have to wait your turn with the Tiger and you're only gonna be able to get a few light hits in. It's also fine to fight him later on with better equipment and flasks :P personally I've never used spell binder in my playthrough cause I like using Rock Solid(Cloud step should also be really good for him) Oh also the soak that allows you to heal while getting hit was very useful for me since he's so aggressive I haven’t touched spell binder since I got it. It’s  lowkey useless. I would recommend learning how to read his patterns. Take like to rounds where you just try to survive as long as you can by trying to dodging all of his moves and learn the attack combos. Do this around 4-5 times if you are a slower learner and you should be able to do it. Ps. Watch out for that stupid suck move by running around toward the edges of the area and dodging when he hits the ground The tonality actually sounds pretty similar to the Chinese dialogue as well, but the Chinese version also used a classic verse structure and meter. For instance, some of the Chinese versions contain expressions in four word meter.
I cut that tiger ass on the regular I no his pattern from them many losses lol I still haven’t defeated him Have any tips for skill tree set ups? I tried using the spell binder on him and that didn’t do much for me. Max out stamina and evasion gata keep moving attack when he appear dont paralyze him save your mana for cloud step use cloud step when his sword turn red and after his combo when the sword is red then use pluck of many your cloud step should’ve charge use it again to avoid him being wild and you get something cool afterwards It's fine to freeze him, just only do it if you have 4 focus built up so you can get some juicy bonus damage from the big bonk. Maxed out cloud step - heavy smash stance each time he does a combo that doesn’t end with him vanishing And light attack in between, when dodging and waiting for the cooldown to end. Believe it or not I have never had to max out cloud step to beat anyone it works for me to just catch my self pop some pills drink some life pause and switch out my pills what empty stuff like that My basic strat for most bosses is just being patient dodging and filling 4 focus bars for the thrust stance heavy, you really have to wait your turn with the Tiger and you're only gonna be able to get a few light hits in. It's also fine to fight him later on with better equipment and flasks :P personally I've never used spell binder in my playthrough cause I like using Rock Solid(Cloud step should also be really good for him) Oh also the soak that allows you to heal while getting hit was very useful for me since he's so aggressive I haven’t touched spell binder since I got it. It’s  lowkey useless. I would recommend learning how to read his patterns. Take like to rounds where you just try to survive as long as you can by trying to dodging all of his moves and learn the attack combos. Do this around 4-5 times if you are a slower learner and you should be able to do it. Ps. Watch out for that stupid suck move by running around toward the edges of the area and dodging when he hits the ground
I still haven’t defeated him Have any tips for skill tree set ups? I tried using the spell binder on him and that didn’t do much for me. Max out stamina and evasion gata keep moving attack when he appear dont paralyze him save your mana for cloud step use cloud step when his sword turn red and after his combo when the sword is red then use pluck of many your cloud step should’ve charge use it again to avoid him being wild and you get something cool afterwards It's fine to freeze him, just only do it if you have 4 focus built up so you can get some juicy bonus damage from the big bonk. Maxed out cloud step - heavy smash stance each time he does a combo that doesn’t end with him vanishing And light attack in between, when dodging and waiting for the cooldown to end. Believe it or not I have never had to max out cloud step to beat anyone it works for me to just catch my self pop some pills drink some life pause and switch out my pills what empty stuff like that My basic strat for most bosses is just being patient dodging and filling 4 focus bars for the thrust stance heavy, you really have to wait your turn with the Tiger and you're only gonna be able to get a few light hits in. It's also fine to fight him later on with better equipment and flasks :P personally I've never used spell binder in my playthrough cause I like using Rock Solid(Cloud step should also be really good for him) Oh also the soak that allows you to heal while getting hit was very useful for me since he's so aggressive I haven’t touched spell binder since I got it. It’s  lowkey useless. I would recommend learning how to read his patterns. Take like to rounds where you just try to survive as long as you can by trying to dodging all of his moves and learn the attack combos. Do this around 4-5 times if you are a slower learner and you should be able to do it. Ps. Watch out for that stupid suck move by running around toward the edges of the area and dodging when he hits the ground
Max out stamina and evasion gata keep moving attack when he appear dont paralyze him save your mana for cloud step use cloud step when his sword turn red and after his combo when the sword is red then use pluck of many your cloud step should’ve charge use it again to avoid him being wild and you get something cool afterwards It's fine to freeze him, just only do it if you have 4 focus built up so you can get some juicy bonus damage from the big bonk.
It's fine to freeze him, just only do it if you have 4 focus built up so you can get some juicy bonus damage from the big bonk.
Maxed out cloud step - heavy smash stance each time he does a combo that doesn’t end with him vanishing And light attack in between, when dodging and waiting for the cooldown to end. Believe it or not I have never had to max out cloud step to beat anyone it works for me to just catch my self pop some pills drink some life pause and switch out my pills what empty stuff like that
Believe it or not I have never had to max out cloud step to beat anyone it works for me to just catch my self pop some pills drink some life pause and switch out my pills what empty stuff like that
My basic strat for most bosses is just being patient dodging and filling 4 focus bars for the thrust stance heavy, you really have to wait your turn with the Tiger and you're only gonna be able to get a few light hits in. It's also fine to fight him later on with better equipment and flasks :P personally I've never used spell binder in my playthrough cause I like using Rock Solid(Cloud step should also be really good for him) Oh also the soak that allows you to heal while getting hit was very useful for me since he's so aggressive
I haven’t touched spell binder since I got it. It’s  lowkey useless. I would recommend learning how to read his patterns. Take like to rounds where you just try to survive as long as you can by trying to dodging all of his moves and learn the attack combos. Do this around 4-5 times if you are a slower learner and you should be able to do it. Ps. Watch out for that stupid suck move by running around toward the edges of the area and dodging when he hits the ground
The tonality actually sounds pretty similar to the Chinese dialogue as well, but the Chinese version also used a classic verse structure and meter. For instance, some of the Chinese versions contain expressions in four word meter.
https://x.com/natenumbereight/status/1704269798199148914?t=J_nQTH3KKX-5hdSiJ0dSVA&s=19
If Percs got me itching was a dog
This is him btw MRWHITEEEE WITH HAIR
MRWHITEEEE WITH HAIR
Molly, Percocet The name is Percocet…Molly, percocet 🍸 I got a halo...I level up everytime Buddha say so
The name is Percocet…Molly, percocet 🍸 I got a halo...I level up everytime Buddha say so
I got a halo...I level up everytime Buddha say so
Yeah, just wait until monkey withdrawals start… “MINE EYES DOTH SEE THE DAO FROM THE CONFINES OF MY ABODE!” “Yeah I’m just here for my pills man” 🤣🤣🤣 I laughed way too hard at this.
“MINE EYES DOTH SEE THE DAO FROM THE CONFINES OF MY ABODE!” “Yeah I’m just here for my pills man” 🤣🤣🤣 I laughed way too hard at this.
🤣🤣🤣
I laughed way too hard at this.
"no shame in taking pills" yeah if I had a problem I'd probably tell myself something similar i love the rest of the sentence more:  more unfair is where you were born into.  (pardon my translation from chinese) To be fair the rest of the statement holds merit. Not everyone can have the absurd bonuses and benefits the pills provide. It's probably the reason using them is one of the only actions that doesn't elicit a response (Physical or Verbal) from Erlang nor the Broken Shell. The broken Shell will try and check you for using the gourd but the pills are fair game to him.
i love the rest of the sentence more:  more unfair is where you were born into.  (pardon my translation from chinese)
To be fair the rest of the statement holds merit. Not everyone can have the absurd bonuses and benefits the pills provide. It's probably the reason using them is one of the only actions that doesn't elicit a response (Physical or Verbal) from Erlang nor the Broken Shell. The broken Shell will try and check you for using the gourd but the pills are fair game to him.
The og plug, necessary every cycle.
A man and monkey’s best friend!
I love how you can respec all the time without worry about getting an item or giving lots of money I hope more games do this instead of making respec annoying af to do Respecing is actually a big part of the game. To beat different bosses comfortably, you need to respec, reskill and reequip. The alternative is extreme skill that most players lack.
Respecing is actually a big part of the game. To beat different bosses comfortably, you need to respec, reskill and reequip. The alternative is extreme skill that most players lack.
No shame in taking the pills!!
This is the main homie in the game. Best catch phrases too
The Plug
Is it a Western thing to equate "pills" with drug dealers? They're just like the classic RPG's "elixir" if you will. I think everyone's kinda joking around. Fair point ...I'm thinking of earlier days when everyone refers to him as drug dealer. elixir is usually liquid, right? not the case here, which is solid round stuff?
I think everyone's kinda joking around. Fair point ...I'm thinking of earlier days when everyone refers to him as drug dealer.
Fair point ...I'm thinking of earlier days when everyone refers to him as drug dealer.
elixir is usually liquid, right? not the case here, which is solid round stuff?
My pharmacist. My pusherman. My Xu Dog. Correction: *Xu Dog Thanks.
Correction: *Xu Dog Thanks.
Thanks.
My fav in the game. His dialogues in Chinese is full of charm. 天地万物皆炉鼎，唯有上品得我心 Bro got the stash and the bars. That dialogues told u,all life is essentially the same,no matter yaoguais or gods
Bro got the stash and the bars.
That dialogues told u,all life is essentially the same,no matter yaoguais or gods
His lives rent free in my head
Xu Dawg
Xu do- double g
No shame in taking a pill lol Perkio
THOU SHALT HAVE PILLS least addicted opiate user
My best friend and I call this guy "Fantastic Mr. Fox" or "Discount Lao Zi".
Fuck yeah pills rule 😎
"Have you tried doing some fucking drugs about it man??"
That’s my dealer. I love how he’s lowkey a crackhead
Oh dealer that also looks like Tyrone biggums
BEST PLUG EVER 👌
Can someone explain to me who he is and the other 4 npc? Are they returning characters from the novel? I have never read Journey to the west and the whole "Is 2000 pages long" scares me. They are 六丁六甲 (six Ding and  six Jia). In Daoist beliefs they are 12 deities (6 males and 6 females) that are related to military affairs. In JTTW, they are deities in the celestial court's employment. They helped the Tang monk and his deciples on their journey. They're the animals in the chinese zodiac.
They are 六丁六甲 (six Ding and  six Jia). In Daoist beliefs they are 12 deities (6 males and 6 females) that are related to military affairs. In JTTW, they are deities in the celestial court's employment. They helped the Tang monk and his deciples on their journey.
They're the animals in the chinese zodiac.
The real pills are the friends we make along the way. Looking at you 4th sister.
His speech is a bit more poetic in the original Chinese but he sounds funny as well
We should hopefully see other Chinese Zodiac deity animals in the DLC. This home away from home should be expanded as well. There should be 6 male and 6 female total.
My guy Xu dawg the perk man bros gang
Xu Dog my bro
Man, he can cook!
Always came thru with the free drugs 😂
From yin and yONG, to sky and earth I got the dankest celestial pills in town - Xu Dog probably
Did u know his original name was supposed to be Up Dog?
Maybe this guy has the deets on how to change the destined ones betrothed from a golden pill back to a spider lady again.
Everybody loves Xu Dog 😀
this guy is the GOAT
beloved doggie
Finally beat the game!! Starting a new game plus Nice! Go on that revenge tour lmao
Nice! Go on that revenge tour lmao
There is no shame in taking the pills “More unfair are the innate skills!”
“More unfair are the innate skills!”
Xu dogg
Definitely lets you know you're a bit of a wee coward for using the pills, more unfair are the innate skills, right?
Pillar stance in the ring of fire use the ability to charge for in the ring and have it maxed out then cloud step and bam he lost
Hardly used him. I only used the celestial buffs He gives you so many freebies though. Almost every high quality consumable in the game I got from him as a freebie first before I found it in the wild The first hit is free.
He gives you so many freebies though. Almost every high quality consumable in the game I got from him as a freebie first before I found it in the wild The first hit is free.
The first hit is free.
Meanwhile the rock:
Homie cooking that good shit brah
i thought he was a fox but he's my dawg
Am I the only one who rarely used pills? I mean I bought damn near all the celestial pills but I rarely ever used mortal medicines. I used them for the 4 crazy tough battles (Yellow Loong, Scorpion Lord, Erlang, Broken Shell) but that's because I literally had to throw everything at those bosses lol. But if your strategy is bad...it's just bad. No medicine is gonna save you if you don't know what to do.
Dope man dope man! Wukong spokes man!!
At least his shit is pure. I haven't heard of anyone overdosing on fentanyl laced pills yet 😆.
Crack dog, love him
No shame in pills, more unfair are innate skills throws an entire bottle of celestial pills down his mouth
MA DOG!
My 🐐
He got that "dawg" in him
i love xan dog, my little pill donor :>
版主已移除评论 Hello u/Few_Drivin , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Hello u/Few_Drivin , welcome to our subreddit. Due to spam, we require users to have at least 3 day old accounts. Please DO NOT send modmails regarding this. You will be able to post freely after the proper account age. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
I’ve talked to this dude like twice and I’m in chapter 4. 😆
super cute too, if you don't mind the twitches
Real
