================================================================================  评论列表:
Who is the other 4 characters? track me They all are from the same otome game light and night. In fact I checked the list screenshot and the top 10 are like all otome game guys lol and then he’s there. He won with a solid margin of around 2 million too I think (#2 was around 3 million I believe). 用户已删除评论 I feel like marius is the most popular Petition to have an otome spin-off of Genshin with Wanderer and other husbandos. It’s not in the Genshin world, but Tears of Themis is the otome they have made. oh god that makes them looking the same even worse P.S.: ok not the same but Nonono, you're right. They look all the same. They all have moderate tall chiseled builds, they all have similar hair styles, basically there's like 3. Modern ones all dress the same for casual or formal. Meanwhile Wanderer has a bowl cut lol, but with the hat this dude looks like he's ready to get DOWN. To be fair, he makes a bowl haircut look good, an impressive feat imo. The modern aspect is definitely the biggest factor. They're all generically designed, no need to stand out visually if the players are already willing to read 500+ lines of dialogue interactions to fall in love anyway. xD damn! Go Wanderer! they’re from an otome game, light and night light and night *looks at the psycho with the shotgun* I have so many questions right now... Let Scara deal with that dude Oh dude, otome games go hard I know that 2 of them I think come from the chinese otome game light and night. THE ART OF THE CARDS ARE SO GOOD! (my fav is Osborn on the far right). The glasses dude is the other one 9very ho as well). They are all from the same game. Ohh I wasn’t really sure since I often confuse the other white haired LI and the second to the right has a darker filter. Is there an EN version? I'm kinda interested in that guy with glasses lol Nope. China exclusive by tencent. I saw some of the cards on TikTok and youtube. Hence why I wish this popularity poll shows the potential of this game on the global market. Glasses dude is so hot in his summer card or his “strapped to the chair” card. The kiss mark one was also hot. Damn I love otome games. Would’ve liked to play Not yet out. Fingers crossed since kr vers is announced
They all are from the same otome game light and night. In fact I checked the list screenshot and the top 10 are like all otome game guys lol and then he’s there. He won with a solid margin of around 2 million too I think (#2 was around 3 million I believe). 用户已删除评论 I feel like marius is the most popular Petition to have an otome spin-off of Genshin with Wanderer and other husbandos. It’s not in the Genshin world, but Tears of Themis is the otome they have made. oh god that makes them looking the same even worse P.S.: ok not the same but Nonono, you're right. They look all the same. They all have moderate tall chiseled builds, they all have similar hair styles, basically there's like 3. Modern ones all dress the same for casual or formal. Meanwhile Wanderer has a bowl cut lol, but with the hat this dude looks like he's ready to get DOWN. To be fair, he makes a bowl haircut look good, an impressive feat imo. The modern aspect is definitely the biggest factor. They're all generically designed, no need to stand out visually if the players are already willing to read 500+ lines of dialogue interactions to fall in love anyway. xD damn! Go Wanderer!
用户已删除评论 I feel like marius is the most popular
I feel like marius is the most popular
Petition to have an otome spin-off of Genshin with Wanderer and other husbandos. It’s not in the Genshin world, but Tears of Themis is the otome they have made.
It’s not in the Genshin world, but Tears of Themis is the otome they have made.
oh god that makes them looking the same even worse P.S.: ok not the same but Nonono, you're right. They look all the same. They all have moderate tall chiseled builds, they all have similar hair styles, basically there's like 3. Modern ones all dress the same for casual or formal. Meanwhile Wanderer has a bowl cut lol, but with the hat this dude looks like he's ready to get DOWN. To be fair, he makes a bowl haircut look good, an impressive feat imo. The modern aspect is definitely the biggest factor. They're all generically designed, no need to stand out visually if the players are already willing to read 500+ lines of dialogue interactions to fall in love anyway. xD
Nonono, you're right. They look all the same. They all have moderate tall chiseled builds, they all have similar hair styles, basically there's like 3. Modern ones all dress the same for casual or formal. Meanwhile Wanderer has a bowl cut lol, but with the hat this dude looks like he's ready to get DOWN. To be fair, he makes a bowl haircut look good, an impressive feat imo. The modern aspect is definitely the biggest factor. They're all generically designed, no need to stand out visually if the players are already willing to read 500+ lines of dialogue interactions to fall in love anyway. xD
To be fair, he makes a bowl haircut look good, an impressive feat imo.
The modern aspect is definitely the biggest factor. They're all generically designed, no need to stand out visually if the players are already willing to read 500+ lines of dialogue interactions to fall in love anyway. xD
damn! Go Wanderer!
they’re from an otome game, light and night light and night *looks at the psycho with the shotgun* I have so many questions right now... Let Scara deal with that dude Oh dude, otome games go hard
light and night *looks at the psycho with the shotgun* I have so many questions right now... Let Scara deal with that dude Oh dude, otome games go hard
Let Scara deal with that dude
Oh dude, otome games go hard
I know that 2 of them I think come from the chinese otome game light and night. THE ART OF THE CARDS ARE SO GOOD! (my fav is Osborn on the far right). The glasses dude is the other one 9very ho as well). They are all from the same game. Ohh I wasn’t really sure since I often confuse the other white haired LI and the second to the right has a darker filter. Is there an EN version? I'm kinda interested in that guy with glasses lol Nope. China exclusive by tencent. I saw some of the cards on TikTok and youtube. Hence why I wish this popularity poll shows the potential of this game on the global market. Glasses dude is so hot in his summer card or his “strapped to the chair” card. The kiss mark one was also hot. Damn I love otome games. Would’ve liked to play Not yet out. Fingers crossed since kr vers is announced
They are all from the same game. Ohh I wasn’t really sure since I often confuse the other white haired LI and the second to the right has a darker filter.
Ohh I wasn’t really sure since I often confuse the other white haired LI and the second to the right has a darker filter.
Is there an EN version? I'm kinda interested in that guy with glasses lol Nope. China exclusive by tencent. I saw some of the cards on TikTok and youtube. Hence why I wish this popularity poll shows the potential of this game on the global market. Glasses dude is so hot in his summer card or his “strapped to the chair” card. The kiss mark one was also hot. Damn I love otome games. Would’ve liked to play Not yet out. Fingers crossed since kr vers is announced
Nope. China exclusive by tencent. I saw some of the cards on TikTok and youtube. Hence why I wish this popularity poll shows the potential of this game on the global market. Glasses dude is so hot in his summer card or his “strapped to the chair” card. The kiss mark one was also hot. Damn I love otome games. Would’ve liked to play
Damn I love otome games. Would’ve liked to play
Not yet out. Fingers crossed since kr vers is announced
Wait the other 4 are from the same game!!!! He looks like such a gremlin against them I’m laughing To be fair, and I say this as a Scara main. He is an actual fucking gremlin lmao. What I don't understand is how the hell he is the only character not from an Otome game that made it to the top 10 (IIRC, correct me if I am wrong) I really would have expected at least one of the other Genshin/HSR characters to be there so pop off gremlin king. I would love to see the rest of the top 10 compared to him it must be the funniest lineup. Nahida gotta be proud. not even just top 10, he was number 1! it's absolutely hilarious This is what happens when the archon that sends you to school and the one that is of the element you wield are both gremlins. Now I’m just imagining his reaction to Nahida and Venti meeting
To be fair, and I say this as a Scara main. He is an actual fucking gremlin lmao. What I don't understand is how the hell he is the only character not from an Otome game that made it to the top 10 (IIRC, correct me if I am wrong) I really would have expected at least one of the other Genshin/HSR characters to be there so pop off gremlin king. I would love to see the rest of the top 10 compared to him it must be the funniest lineup. Nahida gotta be proud. not even just top 10, he was number 1! it's absolutely hilarious This is what happens when the archon that sends you to school and the one that is of the element you wield are both gremlins. Now I’m just imagining his reaction to Nahida and Venti meeting
not even just top 10, he was number 1! it's absolutely hilarious
This is what happens when the archon that sends you to school and the one that is of the element you wield are both gremlins. Now I’m just imagining his reaction to Nahida and Venti meeting
No offense to the other games but it’s funny how the top 4 guys are like very similar in art and build, then you have this shorty wide eyed maniac in the first place. Edit: I finally know they’re from the same game thanks guys! Enemy stand user could be anyone Enemy stand user: Its remind me in jojo part 5 where the other gang trying so hard to find the giorno gang like.. dude come on "Gang members in this city hate standing out, so even the capos will dress normally to blend in with the crowd." And meanwhile giorno is dressed up like some fairy wearing a suit Or Fugo with fucking holes in his clothes Love seeing a JoJo reference in a Genshin sub The other guys are the ones who the show tries convincing you is the user but just don't look the part Hot dude Hot dude Don Sombrero Hot dude Hot dude Hot dude Hot dude Hat dude Hot dude Hot dude i don't see any difference. Thats because they’re all from the same game Oh wait…just read the chinese. Yeah…what the heck then. Wanderer popping there alone amidst those four guys seems more random than ever. funnier still that that game is a dating sim with, if my memory serves correct, 5 choices so wanderer winning top spot and essentially preventing a full house is so funny F's in chat for the guy who was knocked out from the finals by some shithead in a ridiculous hat. The other four guys to the eliminated guy: blud thinks he's part of the team Lmao I'd watch the anime for wanderer getting isekaid into that game and literally looks completely different from everyone else from that  world and then just blasting any bad guys away with his anemo powers How it feels like spotting the mc in any shounen anime Or playable characters in genshin instead of just npc I wish the devs would have more facial diversity with the NPCs. I understand they don't want to make the NPCs look too good or else players might want to make them PCs, but when they wheel out the same woman for every quest in a different wig and different tans, it's hard to view the characters as people and not drones. It makes the people of Teyvat look like a different species than the playable characters. I think it is because of limitations as this game started production in 2017. But yeah I agree now they can add diversity and I think they have started adding them and slowly they are removing those said limitations like we have seen in event quest npc and there is also leak of npc design in chenyu vale. It’s funny Dunyarzad had more screentime than some playable characters but has a generic NPC design. they’re all from the same game, 光於夜之戀, which  is a really popular dating sim I mean gremlin looks like a feral cat. Chicks love cats. 🐈‍⬛ Chicks dig giant robots, too Bitches love cannons Demoiselles love cannons and hats. Unexpected r/megasxlr The power of Hat. It seems like the other 4 are from the same title. Maybe that’s why they look so similar. Which is quite upsetting I wish they limit each title to only have 1-2 characters 😅
Enemy stand user could be anyone Enemy stand user: Its remind me in jojo part 5 where the other gang trying so hard to find the giorno gang like.. dude come on "Gang members in this city hate standing out, so even the capos will dress normally to blend in with the crowd." And meanwhile giorno is dressed up like some fairy wearing a suit Or Fugo with fucking holes in his clothes Love seeing a JoJo reference in a Genshin sub The other guys are the ones who the show tries convincing you is the user but just don't look the part
Its remind me in jojo part 5 where the other gang trying so hard to find the giorno gang like.. dude come on "Gang members in this city hate standing out, so even the capos will dress normally to blend in with the crowd." And meanwhile giorno is dressed up like some fairy wearing a suit Or Fugo with fucking holes in his clothes
"Gang members in this city hate standing out, so even the capos will dress normally to blend in with the crowd." And meanwhile giorno is dressed up like some fairy wearing a suit Or Fugo with fucking holes in his clothes
And meanwhile giorno is dressed up like some fairy wearing a suit Or Fugo with fucking holes in his clothes
Or Fugo with fucking holes in his clothes
Love seeing a JoJo reference in a Genshin sub
The other guys are the ones who the show tries convincing you is the user but just don't look the part
Hot dude Hot dude Don Sombrero Hot dude Hot dude Hot dude Hot dude Hat dude Hot dude Hot dude i don't see any difference.
Hot dude Hot dude Hat dude Hot dude Hot dude i don't see any difference.
i don't see any difference.
Thats because they’re all from the same game Oh wait…just read the chinese. Yeah…what the heck then. Wanderer popping there alone amidst those four guys seems more random than ever. funnier still that that game is a dating sim with, if my memory serves correct, 5 choices so wanderer winning top spot and essentially preventing a full house is so funny F's in chat for the guy who was knocked out from the finals by some shithead in a ridiculous hat. The other four guys to the eliminated guy: blud thinks he's part of the team Lmao I'd watch the anime for wanderer getting isekaid into that game and literally looks completely different from everyone else from that  world and then just blasting any bad guys away with his anemo powers
Oh wait…just read the chinese. Yeah…what the heck then. Wanderer popping there alone amidst those four guys seems more random than ever. funnier still that that game is a dating sim with, if my memory serves correct, 5 choices so wanderer winning top spot and essentially preventing a full house is so funny F's in chat for the guy who was knocked out from the finals by some shithead in a ridiculous hat. The other four guys to the eliminated guy: blud thinks he's part of the team Lmao I'd watch the anime for wanderer getting isekaid into that game and literally looks completely different from everyone else from that  world and then just blasting any bad guys away with his anemo powers
funnier still that that game is a dating sim with, if my memory serves correct, 5 choices so wanderer winning top spot and essentially preventing a full house is so funny F's in chat for the guy who was knocked out from the finals by some shithead in a ridiculous hat. The other four guys to the eliminated guy: blud thinks he's part of the team Lmao I'd watch the anime for wanderer getting isekaid into that game and literally looks completely different from everyone else from that  world and then just blasting any bad guys away with his anemo powers
F's in chat for the guy who was knocked out from the finals by some shithead in a ridiculous hat. The other four guys to the eliminated guy: blud thinks he's part of the team
The other four guys to the eliminated guy: blud thinks he's part of the team
Lmao I'd watch the anime for wanderer getting isekaid into that game and literally looks completely different from everyone else from that  world and then just blasting any bad guys away with his anemo powers
How it feels like spotting the mc in any shounen anime Or playable characters in genshin instead of just npc I wish the devs would have more facial diversity with the NPCs. I understand they don't want to make the NPCs look too good or else players might want to make them PCs, but when they wheel out the same woman for every quest in a different wig and different tans, it's hard to view the characters as people and not drones. It makes the people of Teyvat look like a different species than the playable characters. I think it is because of limitations as this game started production in 2017. But yeah I agree now they can add diversity and I think they have started adding them and slowly they are removing those said limitations like we have seen in event quest npc and there is also leak of npc design in chenyu vale. It’s funny Dunyarzad had more screentime than some playable characters but has a generic NPC design.
Or playable characters in genshin instead of just npc I wish the devs would have more facial diversity with the NPCs. I understand they don't want to make the NPCs look too good or else players might want to make them PCs, but when they wheel out the same woman for every quest in a different wig and different tans, it's hard to view the characters as people and not drones. It makes the people of Teyvat look like a different species than the playable characters. I think it is because of limitations as this game started production in 2017. But yeah I agree now they can add diversity and I think they have started adding them and slowly they are removing those said limitations like we have seen in event quest npc and there is also leak of npc design in chenyu vale. It’s funny Dunyarzad had more screentime than some playable characters but has a generic NPC design.
I wish the devs would have more facial diversity with the NPCs. I understand they don't want to make the NPCs look too good or else players might want to make them PCs, but when they wheel out the same woman for every quest in a different wig and different tans, it's hard to view the characters as people and not drones. It makes the people of Teyvat look like a different species than the playable characters. I think it is because of limitations as this game started production in 2017. But yeah I agree now they can add diversity and I think they have started adding them and slowly they are removing those said limitations like we have seen in event quest npc and there is also leak of npc design in chenyu vale. It’s funny Dunyarzad had more screentime than some playable characters but has a generic NPC design.
I think it is because of limitations as this game started production in 2017. But yeah I agree now they can add diversity and I think they have started adding them and slowly they are removing those said limitations like we have seen in event quest npc and there is also leak of npc design in chenyu vale.
It’s funny Dunyarzad had more screentime than some playable characters but has a generic NPC design.
they’re all from the same game, 光於夜之戀, which  is a really popular dating sim
I mean gremlin looks like a feral cat. Chicks love cats. 🐈‍⬛ Chicks dig giant robots, too Bitches love cannons Demoiselles love cannons and hats. Unexpected r/megasxlr
Chicks dig giant robots, too Bitches love cannons Demoiselles love cannons and hats. Unexpected r/megasxlr
Bitches love cannons Demoiselles love cannons and hats.
Demoiselles love cannons and hats.
Unexpected r/megasxlr
The power of Hat.
It seems like the other 4 are from the same title. Maybe that’s why they look so similar. Which is quite upsetting I wish they limit each title to only have 1-2 characters 😅
I love how unique and out of place he looks
用户已删除评论 When your custom character appears in a cutscene Agreed, it kinda shocks me how popular the same bland copy paste man with korean idol face/ that haircut is JUST EVERYWHERE Especially in bl, every man just looks. The. God. Damn. SAME. To be fair, the other 4 characters in OP's pic are from the same game (and are probably drawn by the same artist/art team), so it makes sense that they look similar.
When your custom character appears in a cutscene
Agreed, it kinda shocks me how popular the same bland copy paste man with korean idol face/ that haircut is JUST EVERYWHERE Especially in bl, every man just looks. The. God. Damn. SAME. To be fair, the other 4 characters in OP's pic are from the same game (and are probably drawn by the same artist/art team), so it makes sense that they look similar.
To be fair, the other 4 characters in OP's pic are from the same game (and are probably drawn by the same artist/art team), so it makes sense that they look similar.
One of these is not like the others
版主已移除评论 Wanderer to Dr. Fraudtio: "L + Dr. Wanderer + Cry louder + You dare to gaze upon me? + Unsightly insect"
Wanderer to Dr. Fraudtio: "L + Dr. Wanderer + Cry louder + You dare to gaze upon me? + Unsightly insect"
Okay but where are the other four from The same Chinese otome game light and night thank you
The same Chinese otome game light and night thank you
thank you
"Chumps, the lot of you!"
I'm not a wanderer main but congrats to you scaramouche 👏
What surprises me is how far ahead of ANY other genshin char he is.......like Genshin is pretty damn popular, enough to place first place....but what's the gap between their first and second place char? I severely underestimated Wanderer's popularity goddamn. Cmon Hoyo the people love these greyer chars who have clear flaws, let's make more of em ty
Korean generic power fantasy manhwa protagonists 1,2,3,4 and Hat Guy. Hat guy when it rains.
Hat guy when it rains.
4 elongated romance men, genetically engineered by chinas leading otome researchers vs Genshin's short king who's mean to us <3
All these tall handsome men, then a deranged short twink. I wonder what their band is called. 用户已删除评论 He is the singer And the big cymbal.
用户已删除评论 He is the singer And the big cymbal.
He is the singer And the big cymbal.
And the big cymbal.
primogems where?
For context, the other 4 dudes are from Light and Night, an Otome game by Tencent. It came in 7th in last year's top earning charts in CN.
I want to add some context to this, from my observation this specific poll is by far definitely a female targeted poll/female majority because literally almost all the other top guys on the list are all from otome games. I want to specify this detail because I genuinely feel it makes this much funnier and more impressive frankly considering he is the only non otome guy. Also, to clarify how is he so popular despite being so “unpopular”, he has always been a polarizing character as he should due to his morally gray nature. However, a lot of the “hatred” you see comes from NGA (fourchan of China) and incels and he is actually quite well received in the mainstream Genshin community in China, ESPECIALLY girls I mean, he is from Genshin though and Genshin is huge in China..... BUt anyways was he specifically chosen to be included or was every genshin guys included? As far as I remember the top 50 male characters were chosen from the platform and then you could vote for them. For instance, Xiao and Zhongli were also up there, but not in the top 5 I actually am not sure because I unfortunately only found out about the poll after it ended, but it THINK (correct me if I’m wrong) he is not the only option (I.e. most genshin male characters should be eligible for voting) Zhongli and Xiao were in the Top 50. Raiden Ei was also in the female voting by the way and she almost made it to the Top  5. Wanderer is really popular since his birthday celebration is likely the most expensive thus far out of all Genshin characters since there were screening projects in 25 cities in China and NYC and Akihabara, there was a cat cafe even.
I mean, he is from Genshin though and Genshin is huge in China..... BUt anyways was he specifically chosen to be included or was every genshin guys included? As far as I remember the top 50 male characters were chosen from the platform and then you could vote for them. For instance, Xiao and Zhongli were also up there, but not in the top 5 I actually am not sure because I unfortunately only found out about the poll after it ended, but it THINK (correct me if I’m wrong) he is not the only option (I.e. most genshin male characters should be eligible for voting) Zhongli and Xiao were in the Top 50. Raiden Ei was also in the female voting by the way and she almost made it to the Top  5. Wanderer is really popular since his birthday celebration is likely the most expensive thus far out of all Genshin characters since there were screening projects in 25 cities in China and NYC and Akihabara, there was a cat cafe even.
As far as I remember the top 50 male characters were chosen from the platform and then you could vote for them. For instance, Xiao and Zhongli were also up there, but not in the top 5
I actually am not sure because I unfortunately only found out about the poll after it ended, but it THINK (correct me if I’m wrong) he is not the only option (I.e. most genshin male characters should be eligible for voting)
Zhongli and Xiao were in the Top 50. Raiden Ei was also in the female voting by the way and she almost made it to the Top  5. Wanderer is really popular since his birthday celebration is likely the most expensive thus far out of all Genshin characters since there were screening projects in 25 cities in China and NYC and Akihabara, there was a cat cafe even.
big win for short men w/ mommy issues Wanderer brings that "I will make you worse"/"I can fix him" energy that people eat up I was looking for your comment. o7
Wanderer brings that "I will make you worse"/"I can fix him" energy that people eat up
I was looking for your comment. o7
He's a very nice person after all. Yes a very good and wholesome character with no sad backstory whatsoever. checks notes wait why does he have an anemo vision then. Must be some error. My favourite moment of his is when he got into the mech and delivered headpats to everyone in sumeru I think my favorite has to be when he threw us a surprise party in Inazuma, he brought a purple fog machine and was so happy he couldn't stop laughing. Remember the time he met us in Mondstadt for a surprise welcome party? Yeah, good times Sadly we had to teleport away for some super important business that has nothing to do with staying alive another 5 minutes.
Yes a very good and wholesome character with no sad backstory whatsoever. checks notes wait why does he have an anemo vision then. Must be some error. My favourite moment of his is when he got into the mech and delivered headpats to everyone in sumeru I think my favorite has to be when he threw us a surprise party in Inazuma, he brought a purple fog machine and was so happy he couldn't stop laughing. Remember the time he met us in Mondstadt for a surprise welcome party? Yeah, good times Sadly we had to teleport away for some super important business that has nothing to do with staying alive another 5 minutes.
My favourite moment of his is when he got into the mech and delivered headpats to everyone in sumeru I think my favorite has to be when he threw us a surprise party in Inazuma, he brought a purple fog machine and was so happy he couldn't stop laughing. Remember the time he met us in Mondstadt for a surprise welcome party? Yeah, good times Sadly we had to teleport away for some super important business that has nothing to do with staying alive another 5 minutes.
I think my favorite has to be when he threw us a surprise party in Inazuma, he brought a purple fog machine and was so happy he couldn't stop laughing. Remember the time he met us in Mondstadt for a surprise welcome party? Yeah, good times Sadly we had to teleport away for some super important business that has nothing to do with staying alive another 5 minutes.
Remember the time he met us in Mondstadt for a surprise welcome party? Yeah, good times Sadly we had to teleport away for some super important business that has nothing to do with staying alive another 5 minutes.
Sadly we had to teleport away for some super important business that has nothing to do with staying alive another 5 minutes.
We won
primos please
Pretty sure that's Don Sombrero https://i.redd.it/s9jdv6sgjnwa1.png
behold the power of The Hat Guy
Bro this image is so funny Of all the flaws Genshin has, thank god boring male designs are not one of then
A very nice surprise :D love to see him get the love he deserves, fantastic taste! he looks so funny squished between those guys tho lmao
CONGRATS TO MY FAVORITE SCRUNKLY WAR CRIMINAL!!!!
This is a pleasant surprise especially given the whole… cat incident that happened. Incels hate him lmao, he’s like the epitome of girls love him and guys hate him whole… cat incident Only people in NGA. The reddit of China hates him mind you mihoyo release cat related shaped of him week after the incident happened It’s a reminder to not let few maniacs ruin your perceptions about a community
Incels hate him lmao, he’s like the epitome of girls love him and guys hate him
whole… cat incident Only people in NGA. The reddit of China hates him
mind you mihoyo release cat related shaped of him week after the incident happened
It’s a reminder to not let few maniacs ruin your perceptions about a community
Some of those Chinese players must be ripping their livers out from the anger
OUR SHORT KING STAYS WINNING 🔥🔥🔥
i'm so proud of my babygirl criminal
My boy Scarawandermouche is always gonna be on top!!
Haters be awfully quiet right now lol
4 identical men and 1 gremlin, it was an easy choice
I mean, no surprise. Even among the top 5, he makes the other 4 look so boring and uninteresting by comparison. I wouldn't be surprised if, personality wise, those characters were just as boring and stoic as their designs imply them to be. I'm no Wanderer/Scaramouche fan (far from it), but at the very least that kid has personality. Even while his personality is somewhat a generic archetype, he pulls it off so well and his art alone manages to convey so much of it that he manages to be more than just "a serious looking dude just standing there". Congrats to the lil terrorist. That’s a bad take. Just google ‘light and night’, they have so many designs and outfits compared to the few that scaramouche has. Their setting is foxian, vampire, fallen angel, fire mage respectively, and all have different personalities. ehhh, boring and bland is definitely subjective. i get that this is your personal opinion but beauty is in the eye of the beholder at the end of the day.
That’s a bad take. Just google ‘light and night’, they have so many designs and outfits compared to the few that scaramouche has. Their setting is foxian, vampire, fallen angel, fire mage respectively, and all have different personalities.
ehhh, boring and bland is definitely subjective. i get that this is your personal opinion but beauty is in the eye of the beholder at the end of the day.
Chinese incels in shambles
King behavior tbh, it only took a hat, a pair of shorts and crimes against humanity
LIGHT AND NIGHT NEEDS (otome game that 3 of the others I think? come from) A GLOBAL RELEASE OMG!! GIVE US MORE HUSBANDOS GAMES PLEASE! I don't care if they are otome, idol/rhythm, Boys love or action games, i need more XD While I love my little twink, I also need light and night to have a global release. My friend playing it loves the story and the charas are so hot 😔😔😔
GIVE US MORE HUSBANDOS GAMES PLEASE! I don't care if they are otome, idol/rhythm, Boys love or action games, i need more XD
While I love my little twink, I also need light and night to have a global release. My friend playing it loves the story and the charas are so hot 😔😔😔
I bet all the other finalists' votes got split because they're from the same game fan base. And Wanderer won because he's by far the favorite bishounen in Genshin. Zhongli and Xiao were in the list too. That otome game is just too popular I guess, the most popular one in China even
Zhongli and Xiao were in the list too. That otome game is just too popular I guess, the most popular one in China even
Wanderer: why am i the only one serving cunt here 😭 im so embarrassed 😭
That's why he's the best genshin character fr
Also do we have most popular female game characters on Weibo and who won? Shalom form path to nowhere won It'd be a vibe if the same thing happened with 4 girls from a random ecchi game and then like Furina is randomly in the middle
Shalom form path to nowhere won
It'd be a vibe if the same thing happened with 4 girls from a random ecchi game and then like Furina is randomly in the middle
Mf won w the most twink look, having 4 jocks beside him 🤣🤣🤣
I'm scared of Scara mains - Zyox
One cannot understate the grip wanderer has over women in this community (and some men)
His mom would be proud. The short one or the tall one?
The short one or the tall one?
Now we get a free Wanderer, via mail, as a thank you from Hoyoverse.
All I can say is when I returned to Genshin, I got him in a single pull and was like cool this angsty brat can fly and now I have an Island in my Teapot dedicated to be a sanctuary for him.
Everyone loves a sad boi
Naughty brat vs Ikemen Hats off to Hat Guy.
“The enemy stand user could be anyone” The enemy stand user:
unnecessary bashing of the other 4 characters as expected of the genshin fandom
Who's that? I only see Hat Guy there.
where are my freemogems?!
SCARA SLAAAY 💙💙💙💙
HELL YEA LETS GOOOOO!! Good taste Weibo users!!
i love how much he stands out lol
im so proud hes sososososo loved <3
I dislike wanderer but hey. Another genshin W so I cannot complain 😂
I love this haha. A short king in the middle of 4 otome game characters. Hoyo... this is your chance to give us a free 5-star character like HSR with Dr. Ratio.
We all knew who the main character is. 😏
My booooooy!!
The pop sensation that's sweeping the nation, Hat Guy and his backup dancers.
damn Dante from Devil May Cry won
Hat Guy Supremacy!!!
BASED
Oh my goodness this makes me so happy! He is my fav character!
YESSSSSS WAAANNNDEEEEERRREEEEEEERRRRRR
Tldr from the comment section: -People thinking China is a monolith and that one (admittedly memorable and memeable) controversy means that the entire fanbase hates him -Proof that the Genshin fanbase has a startlingly high number of people who are either mentally 12 or nearly blind and need bright, shiny colors to actually appreciate or look at character designs past their general shape. -Rare funny comment. -People with bad taste shitting on people who appreciate Wanderer. -People that are somehow dumb enough to think these 5 guys displayed were the only candidates available (There was a total of 50 guys, and yes, Xiao and Zhongli two majorly popular guys in their own right, were also included)
Clearly their tastes aren’t very diverse.
WOOO
I tip my hat to you El Sombrero. Congrats on the win.
As he should 🥰
Let’s gooo, sassy boy wins
I mean he is a hotty- I mean Hatty he has a hat that’s what i meant i don’t like scara nonono
How I thought he was the most hated ?? He’s only hated with Incels and on NGA (fourchan of China). That’s my issue with that og post honestly what happened was F up (and I feel bad for her being doxed I hope she’s okay) but it’s really misleading because he’s actuality really popular with the mainstream GI audience in China. But she made it seem like he’s hated by ALL of the Chinese players in genshin or something
He’s only hated with Incels and on NGA (fourchan of China). That’s my issue with that og post honestly what happened was F up (and I feel bad for her being doxed I hope she’s okay) but it’s really misleading because he’s actuality really popular with the mainstream GI audience in China. But she made it seem like he’s hated by ALL of the Chinese players in genshin or something
Yess, twink powahhhh
Didn’t think there were that many simps for a shorty with a bad attitude
The rest of those dudes look like they were AI generated
Yay! My only anemo 5* character! Also, my most favorite because his abilities are awesome!
Fucking right so
i bully genshin for its same face syndrome all the time but god DAAAAMNNM
THE FACT HE IS SO OUT OF PLACE LMAOOOOOOO
all these dudes look like masculine but handsome dude with no emotion and the same proportions and same face build and then theres's one unique strange little guy with a hat. my my which would be the first place.
There is an imposter amongst us…
that's my babygirl, my main, my love, my skrunkly little piece of shit little dps who I love more than real people
Rightfully so!
YESSSSS
He deserves it. 🥰 Only the best for himmm~~ 😌✨💕
I'm not surprised.
Hope there will be more screentime of scara
I really gotta know what people like about scara’s character, is it the mommy issues? Must be the sad backstory.
Must be the sad backstory.
He looks so out of place lol
Wow! That’s a far cry from the last I heard about his reception. 🥳
Hopefully this won’t trigger some Chinese incell to unalive cats again The cat thing was fake, the guy who was doing that to cats was already doing that long before and was just trying to cause controversy and didn't even play genshin.
The cat thing was fake, the guy who was doing that to cats was already doing that long before and was just trying to cause controversy and didn't even play genshin.
I'm surprised seeing there was a post about the drama surrounding Wanderer because he was a villain. But I'm happy he's not as hated as i thought
Won-derer!
If this was HSR. FREE WANDERER! /j
Lets be real we ain't getting shit but at least Don Sombrero won
Can’t wait for his next run but it’ll be a while.
it's what he deserves
Kazedaaaaa
I love how it's four normal dudes and then some twink with a comedically large hat
Edgy McEdgelord won a contest where most of the voters probably love edgelord characters? Shocking.
I'm glad that I don't have to feel old for not knowing who the other four are
4 generic anime 'hot' guy vs 1 short maniac
I'm surprised it wasn't Zhongli or some other tall guy that stood out, compared with the competition. Goes to show having a complex personality and backstory goes a long way
MY BABYYYY WONN HES SOO BEAUTIFUL AT THE  CENTER 😭😭😭😭
COURSE HE WON.. . It's the best character Hoyo EVER DESIGNED PERIOD.
he looks so out of place
He seems so out of place there hahaha
Everyone else looks so normal and then there's just a gremlin in a huge hat
